when the kids got home the mother said hey kids !
we're gonna go to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and both of the kids looked at each other .
and they said Mcdonalds !
okay .
so the mother got them into the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa wasn't sure to get a Big_Mac or a Happy_Meal .
so when they went to the clerk the boy said I'll have a cheeseburger , some fries , and something like that .
and the mother I don't remember what she +/.
and Lisa said I'll have some fries , a Happy_Meal , and a coke .
so the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
so then mother reached into her purse to get out her wallet .
but she realized that she left her wallet at home on the kitchen table or was it her purse whatever .
one day Alexander woke up out of bed late because his alarm clock was broken .
so he didn't really get much breakfast .
which wasn't a help at all .
he was very frustrated because he was always getting late .
for instance his shoelace ripping off .
so that made him so late that he ended up missing his bus .
and when he gotta the school the principal says your late mister .
I know .
the bus driver drove away just when I was getting to the bus .
okay substitute bus driver doesn't really know that much .
the end .
one day this parents said you know you kids are just couch potatos .
you needta get outside and rejoin the world .
you never know what amazing things lie within the world .
Lisa said yeah I bet outside of the world that's more interesting .
so their parents sent Lisa and John out on an adventure .
when they were very hungry they were gonna try to get some blueberries .
so when they were looking for some they saw a ship land .
oh yay !
now we can find some new land to live on instead of that destroyed planet .
Lisa wanted to go meet them because they never saw them before .
and she wanted to give them a nice greeting .
but brother tried to stop her .
but she went anyway .
she said hi .
hello .
I thought you said this planet was deserted ?
I thought it was .
oh .
hey get away .
you never know if they have any secret powers within them .
so they said no we don't .
but we wish we do .
oh well .
if there's other things we don't wanna take up other people's space .
so they all went back in the spaceship and left .
so the brother and the sister quickly ran home , told their mom and dad , and led them to the same place .
but when they got back there the aliens were already outside of the atmosphere .
but something dropped from their spaceship .
it was a little gold coin with chinese written upon it .
which it really was a seal of their planet which was destroyed .
the end .
and that was their only proof .