well there was Lisa , Raymond , and their mother .
and their mother said where do you guys wanna go out to eat ?
and Raymond and Lisa shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
Raymond and the mother remembered .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger , vanilla shake , and some french fries .
the mother ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a Happy_Meal , a chocolate shake , and a chocolate icecream cone .
when the mother went to reach for her purse she realized it wasn't there .
and then you asked me what should they do ?
and I said they should go back and get the purse .
then they should go .
and then then they should come back , hop in the car , and drive them back to Mcdonalds and buy the lunch , order it again , make the man write it down , and order it , pick a table and eat .
there was a boy .
can I name the boy ?
there was a boy named Sam .
when Sam woke up one morning he realized that he was late for school .
he hurried up and tried to get breakfast but he spilled the milk all over .
when he tried to tie his shoe the lace broke and hit him on the leg .
when he tried to catch the bus it was too late .
the bus already left .
so he walked to school .
and the teacher , miss lane , told him that he was not on time .
and he was too late .
but he had told her what happened this morning .
and she felt sorry .
and she said don't be late again .
and she decided not to mark her on the record .
since he told the truth and told her what happened .
the end .
Sara and mark went to the park one day .
when they got there they saw a mysterious spaceship .
they thought it was a ride .
but when they saw what had came out of the spaceship , Sara thought it was cool .
but mark didn't like it at all .
mark said no please .
don't make me go there .
so she grabbed him by his arm and pulled him over .
when she really saw that they were real she realized that there was some kind of weird monsters invading the park .
when they looked at the spaceship they saw a weird sign .
Michelle took a paper out of mark's pocket and a pencil she had saved from schools the other day .
and she wrote down the sign .
it was Sara's sign .
the spaceship closed up .
and the aliens had a picnic .
spaceship took off and left .
but Michelle and mark ran to the library to figure out what the sign meant .
they went to the library .
and they they found a book of signs and mysterious writings .
they finally found the signs .
what what she read was Ladge .
she couldn't read it but she knew mark's father knows the language lad .
so she took her library card out .
she borrowed the book .
she went to mark's father's house .
so they went there .
and mark asked do you know what this says ?
his father said yes I do .
he said that it meant something about aliens coming to earth .
and they were gonna invade the earth .
Sara and and mark grabbed the book and ran right out the door .
they went back to the park .
and they saw the aliens eating their food and packing .
and they left .
after that they packed up and left in the woods .
Sara and mark followed them .
mark said it was a very bad idea to go follow them .
but Michelle didn't care .
she grabbed him by his wrist again and pulled him through the park that went through the woods and trees and forest .
the little dog looked behind once .
but they hid behind trees .
the dog couldn't see them .
the dog heard it .
but none of the aliens did .
the aliens didn't have ears or noses .
the aliens just took off .
and then went farther into the woods .
mark kept on saying I'm not allowed to go any farther past the bushes .
she said okay .
then then I want you to wait here by the bushes for me real fast .
so she went in and followed them .
and the trail led to a mysterious house made out of sticks , leaves , rocks , any kind of wood , metal , and ice .
the house was mysterious .
Michelle knocked on the door twice .
she felt a cold chill .
mark was worried .
he thought she she had got lost .
so he went and followed her .
he saw her footprints on the ground so he followed them too .
then he saw Michelle .
he screamed Michelle !
don't go in !
Michelle didn't care .
she turned around .
she thought she heard something else besides mark .
she went back .
she turned around and said mark did you hear that ?
he said no .
it sounded like somebody was eating something .
they peaked through the window made out of ice .
they saw the aliens were eating a strange kind of animal .
they thought it was the dog .
but then they saw the dog under the table .
they went back in the library once more .
they returned the book .
and they got out a new book with strange and mysterious animals .
they found one in it that said anteaters .
it said anteaters .
then when they came back the aliens were done with the anteaters .
and they put the anteaters by the window sill .
mark ran back through the forest to the park and laid down on the ground .
he almost passed out .
Michelle looked inside .
she thought it was cool .
she broke the ice with a rock she found from the house .
she took an anteater home to prove that there were aliens .
and one of the alien's little dots on the testicles fell off onto the anteater .
and she showed the the father .
but their mother was the scientist .
so they showed it to the mother .
and the mother studied it .
and the mother found out that they were really aliens .
so the mother and father went out with mark and and Michelle .
and they went back to the house .
they looked in the window .
they they tried to look for the house but the house was gone !
when they went back to the park the spaceship was gone like nothing had ever happened .
but there was only one sign .
they saw one of the dog's feathers of the tail got chopped off .
I think when they were chopping one of the anteaters inside , I think by accident chopped a feather of the dog .
the family picked up the feather .
and give it to the mom .
the mom went and studied it .
and found out that it was an large anteater .
anteater anteater eats alien's testicles .
so when they studied it the mother found out they were really aliens .
and then the mother went back to the park .
they saw a new spaceship they had put in the in the park .
they went inside .
it was a ride .
that day mark and Michelle were confused .
they didn't know if it was some people dressed up in costumes playing an act at the park , somebody doing script , or was it for real ?
the end .