one time the mother was thinking that why don't they take their children out for dinner .
and they said yeah okay .
so then after that their mother went inside their room and asked them what do you wanna eat ?
and they cried out Mcdonalds Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then after that the mother just grabbed her car keys and then got out of the house and then get in her car and started driving .
and then by the time they gotta Mcdonalds the brother wanted a cheeseburger Happy_Meal a soda and a small vanilla milkshake .
and the sister ordered a Big_Mac a chocolate cone .
and maybe the mother ordered a large burger with fries and a large soda .
and by the time the mother wanted to reach in her wallet there was no money .
so she left her money on the kitchen counter .
this story is about a boy that hadta rush to school .
all right this story is about a boy who is sleeping and sleeping and sleeping .
he didn't even hear his clock ringing .
he's like oh my gosh !
I gotta hurry up .
so his bed wasn't made .
he was late for school .
so then after that he hadta get breakfast .
he was worried he couldn't even do anything right .
all he was thinking is about school , school , school .
he poured the milk .
so he poured the milk so much that lots of milk spilled out of his bowl .
he was in a rush .
he was looking at the clock instead of paying attention at the milk .
and he hadta clean up that mess and put some cereal eat real fast .
and then after that when he was done he hadta get on his clothes .
he hadta get on his pants .
and he hadta do all that .
he hadta get his bookbag ready .
he hadta get all this stuff ready .
and then when he was tying his shoes his shoelaces went crack and ripped off .
and he was all upset .
he was very late .
he hadta get another pair of shoes from this room .
and then by the time he was finished he hadta get his bookbag .
he hadta run outside .
and there goes the bus .
the bus leaves him .
so all the sudden the bus leaves .
and he says hey wait !
wait for me .
you forgot me .
and then after that when they don't hear him the bus leaves so fast that he can't even catch up to the bus .
so after that he hadta walk and walk and walk and walk .
and by the time he gotta his school the teacher was very mad , angry he he was late for big effort .
and he was in big trouble .
so the teacher hadta call his mom .
and the mom was very upset because of him being late .
and the teacher said look at the time !
and he was like : !
and that's it .
this is a story about aliens invading the world .
after that there was an alien ship coming down .
there was two people watching it , scared , thinking that whatever it is it had alien words that no one ever knew .
so after that alien ship arrived there was aliens inside that ship .
and that ship was very scary .
and they didn't know what it was .
so after that they saw people that had eight legs a woman dressed up , a man dressed up , and a girl dressed up .
and they said +...
oh_man what are these creatures ?
Jordan said oh_man .
we better get out of here .
then after Jordan said get out of here Sabria said no .
I wanna see them .
I wanna see their dog .
and Jordan said let's get out of here .
they're gonna invade us or they're gonna get us .
and Sabria said no .
I'm gonna see them .
I wanna say hi .
and Jordan is like no no .
let's go back home .
so after that they didn't go home .
and then Sabria went out of the bushes .
and then all of those aliens saw them .
and he was very worried that she was gonna get hurt .
so once she went to them the aliens were gonna get her .
so she ran and ran .
and they went home .
and they ran to their house .
and Jordan and Sabria said dad mom look !
we found aliens .
yeah I can believe you .
here we can even prove !
so parents followed the children Jordan and Sabria .
and by the time those aliens went back on the ship Jordan and Sabria didn't make it back on time .
and the aliens left .
and that's the end of my story .