okay .
well their mom picked them up and went home and said what should we eat ?
we're gonna out to dinner .
so where should we go ?
and they say Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they jump into the car .
and they drive to Mcdonalds .
but when they came inside they didn't know what to eat .
so the boy ordered a Big_Mac with a vanilla milkshake .
and the girl ordered happy meal with with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then it was twelve dollars .
and she looked in her purse .
but there was no money in it .
what it was she didn't have her purse .
and she forgot that she left her purse inside the house .
so then that's all .
frank I complete the story like by saying that he like woke up .
well one day a kid woke up .
and he got really tired .
and his clock rang and rang .
so then he got up .
and he went down to +...
well first it looks like he's having a really bad day .
and then he goes to have breakfast .
and the milk spills gets all over the place .
and his mom told him to clean them up .
so when he was done cleaning up he went to go change .
and he found his shoes .
and one of his strings broke .
so then he just left .
he said no oh well .
so then he just tied his shoes still .
and he went to his bus .
and his bus left .
he was late .
and then he ran and ran until he got +...
and then he tried to chase the bus .
but the bus like was too fast .
so then he got tired .
he stopped for a little bit and then went to school .
and his teacher walked outside and said that you were too late .
and he goes I'm sorry Miss_rich .
I'm having a really bad day .
and she goes well you still hafta make it on time .
and he goes okay .
so then he goes to school .
okay .
well once upon a time there was a boy named Richard and a girl named Susan that were walking to a fair when they saw a big ship coming down .
the boy said what can that be ?
the girl said what could that be .
and the boy said it kinda looks like my toy ship .
and so he's all scared .
and then right when the door opens the girl says oh cool .
and she wants her to walk over there to see this sorta aliens .
and he says no no no .
they go home .
and they go home .
and they tell their parents that we saw aliens .
and now this time the mom says it's pretty hard to believe .
but then the mom comes with them .
and they do see the aliens having a picnic .
so then the boy still is kinda scared .
but the mom thinks it's kinda cool too .
so the daughter and the mom go over there and say hi .
and then the aliens say do you wanna join us with our picnic .
and they say sure .
and then they say we have one more person .
and so went and they say well let him come over here .
so they went over there .
and they say are you the one that kept us in that room the whole time because he had a toy exactly like that .
and they must have like made their ship bigger .
and they came out .
like when they were done with the picnic they played around with their alien dog threw a frisbee .
and then the aliens left .
and then they said come back later and visit .
and they said okay .
and then they went off .
and then they went home .