they came home from school .
and then the mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
then the little girl 0and the little boy scream out at their mother Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the little girl order a xxx vanilla cone milkshake and something else xxx .
the little boy order a cheeseburger french_fries and chicken nuggets .
the man say it will be twelve dollar .
and then the mother left her money in the kitchen table at home .
they could go home and go get it and then come right back and then eat then play .
okay .
the little boy he was sleeping .
and the clock wake him up .
he was late for school .
he was spilling milk .
he was eating breakfast .
and he spilled milk .
he was looking .
he was tying his shoe .
and the bus came .
the bus didn't see him .
he wasn't here because the bus didn't see him .
and so he was siting 0at the busstop xxx .
and he said wait .
and the teacher was looking at him him .
he was late for school .
the story start in in the beginning .
the boy was scared .
and the little girl wanna go see them .
the boy say no .
it's too scary because those are creepy .
and the little boy got too much scared .
it first came here .
and the aliens say hi to everybody .
the little girl wanna go see them .
the little girl graped the boy hand to go see them 0and say hi to them .
and their friend's over there .
the dad have everything to pack up .
he got all pack up .
and then they were &*INV:mhm in planet in the real world and then up to the sky .
the little girl have a alien dog .
but it's different better every else .
she was wearing a shirt and a skirt .
the mom was wearing a dress .
and dad was wearing a a shirt and a sweater and a pants .
little boy don't wanna go see them .
so the little girl wanna go see them 0and say hi to play with them .
and and they went somewhere to have a picnic .
they have a good spot .
the little girl wanna go see that little girl the mom and dad and play with her dog .
she went over there and so 0did the little boy .
but the little boy was too much scared of the alien because sometime he thinks the alien would eat them up .
but but he really think that was real .
and the little girl wanna go see them because she love aliens .
the little boy don't like alien because he think they're gonna cook him eat him up and take them 0to outer space .
they went out of the real world .
the woman or man who's that ?
then she close the door .
and she went up out of space .
the end .