&=sighs on thursday +...
that they were gonna eat eat somewhere .
that they were gonna eat somewhere .
and that mom came home .
she said where do yall wanna go ?
then they said Mcdonalds .
so they went there .
they ordered food .
but his mom couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal or a happy meal .
and that he +...
actually and Lisa said that she wanted a kidsmeal and a milkshake .
and that mom finally decided that she wanted the happy meal .
john ordered a kidsmeal with a vanilla icecream .
then the clerk said that that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then their mom said oops I forgot my purse at home .
so that she would needta go back and go get her purse from home .
one day Nicholas slept in too late .
and he looked at the time .
he said whoa .
I'm late for school .
and he jumped out of bed and and rushed to put on his clothes .
actually no and jumped out of bed to go eat breakfast .
oh no I poured the milk too much .
and and then Nicholas looked at the time .
oh no !
then he ate as fast as he could .
then he dressed dressed .
then he was too busy tying his shoe too hard .
the shoelace broke in half .
then when he just forgot about the time he was so worried about his shoelace the school bus passed him up .
so he was running after the school bus .
but the school bus was too fast .
so Nicholas was too late for school .
and the teacher said just too late .
one day Allie and Vic went down to a park to play and eat .
and then we saw this one bright orange thing up in the air .
it flew down towards us .
and we saw aliens come down .
there a was dog pink and vanilla color .
there was a kid .
I mean a girl and a mom and a dad and a big guy .
and they had more legs than us .
we saw bags with them that we didn't know what were in there .
then they came down .
they only thing you heard was pshpshpsh@c .
then we we went to go look at them even closer .
but but Vic said oh no I don't wanna go there .
they might be harmful .
they might suck us into earth .
they might +...
settle down settle down .
okay it won't be that bad at least to talk to aliens .
and then the alien spotted us .
then they just smiled .
we were surprised that they actually smiled at us .
I guess they were taking a vacation here .