Raymond and his sister they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom asked them where do you wanna go out to eat today ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they got into the van .
and their mom took them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and and the girl she couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then they both know what they want .
so they xxx go to the counter .
and the boy ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and mom ordered a salad .
and then she made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal and a icecream cone and a coke .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and then the mom forgot her purse in the kitchen counter at the house .
a guy got up .
and it looks like his alarm clock didn't go off or wake him up in time .
so he rushed to get xxx and started looking at the clock .
and he started to overflow his cereal .
and when he went to get dressed and get his shoes on his shoestring snapped .
and then when he got outside he looked ready and stuff he missed the bus .
and when he when he finally gotta school the teacher said you're late .
so xxx .
so he tried explaining to her what happened .
and then she just told him to take his seat .
a boy and girl were walking on a trail and walking on a trail that they had known for a long time .
and they were walking on it .
and the girl Chelsea she saw these creatures that they'd never seen before .
and and the boy Thomas he's been on this trail hundreds of times .
and he's never seen these xxx people .
Chelsea she went to run and meet them .
and Thomas was holding her back .
so she wouldn't .
the people that they saw were aliens .
were going for a picnic .
and the girl Chelsea .
and she went and greeted the aliens .
and they sat down and had lunch together .
and then Thomas and Chelsea went back to their parent's house and said you know that trail that we've always been on before ?
that xxx .
and they said yep .
and xxx said yeah .
and they said they saw aliens .
so they took them back to the trail .
and they were gone .