there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named Ramon .
and the mother asked where do you wanna go out for dinner .
and they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
so the mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and the mother already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa didn't .
so they ordered .
Raymond got a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla shake .
the mother got a salad .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
but finally she decided to get a happy meal and a chocolate cone and french_fries .
and then the cost was twelve dollars .
and then the mother was gonna go to take the money from her purse .
but she realized that she left her purse back at at home on the kitchen counter .
one day there was a boy named john who who +...
one day he was going to go to school .
and he suddenly realized how late he slept .
so he got up .
and he started rushing to get ready .
he needed to get dressed .
so he went downstairs .
and he was gonna pour his cereal and milk .
and he was spilling everywhere because he was so tense .
and he didn't know what to do .
so then he was gonna go out the door .
but his shoelace snapped .
so suddenly he hadta fix it .
and since it took such a long time he didn't know what to do .
so he just ran outside .
and he missed his bus .
so then he hadta walk all the way to school which took a long time .
and then when he got there his teacher pointed at her watch because he was really late .
and he said he missed his bus because he slept late and his shoelace broke .
one one beautiful foggy tuesday morning Michael and Sonia they were brother and sister .
so they woke up .
and they decided to go for a walk .
since it was summer they loved the nice breeze and the weather .
so they decided to go out to a forest just to watch and sit down and talk and enjoy the weather .
and then they hear some noises .
they hear people talking .
they hear things moving .
so they go out .
and they go behind a bush .
and they look .
and they can't believe their eyes .
they see what they think is a spaceship and aliens walking out .
Sonia couldn't believe her eyes .
she was so excited .
but not mike .
he was scared .
he thought that they might get in trouble if something happens to them .
but Sonia really really wanted to go and say hi .
but mike was holding her back .
then suddenly mike let go .
Sonia was about to go say hi .
but then she stopped and thought what happens if they're bad .
what happens if something does happen to me ?
you can't describe anyone just because how they look .
even if they are aliens that doesn't mean that they can be nice .
so she decided not to .
and mike was proud of her .
they both went home and forgot about the whole thing .
but every single day they went back into the forest to check if the aliens were still there .