when Raymond and Lisa got home from school the mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you like to go ?
and Raymond and Lisa both yelled Mcdonalds .
so that night they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out she wanted to have a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but Raymond and the mother decided .
so when they were in line and they got up to the clerk Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and soda and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom ordered salad .
and Lisa ordered something with french_fries and coke .
and then when the clerk said the total is twelve fifty the mom looks for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she remembered she left it at home .
Joe's having a really bad day .
first he woke up late .
then he bumped his head .
then then when he was making his cereal he poured the milk .
and then when he was tying his shoe he ripped his shoelace .
after he got all ready everything packed his backpack .
right when he ran out of his house the schoolbus was leaving .
he yelled after it .
he was sad .
so he hadta walk to school .
he was late .
when when Mary and her friend bob went to the park and brought some stuff for a picnic with them .
when they were walking over to the bench and table they saw a queer big blimp sort of thing .
it was just landing .
it had weird writing .
it looked almost like chinese even though they haven't studied it .
then they saw people coming out .
they had squidlike legs .
the little kid had a doglike creature .
and they they were carrying all these bags .
they looked nice .
so Mary went over .
but bob tried to hold her back .
when they went over the so called squid aliens were nice and talked to them .
and then Mary and bob said I don't think it's safe here .
you should go to a different planet .
some people will try to capture you and hurt you .
so the aliens packed up and left .
and then Mary and bob told their parents .
but they didn't believe them .
so to this day Mary and bob always have the secret of seeing aliens .