on a tuesday night Lisa and Raymond's mother asked where do you guys wanna eat ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mother asked what do you guys want ?
then Raymond said a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and then Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
so their mother ordered before them .
and she said the salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a coke a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said that would be twelve ninety five .
then their mother reached down to get her purse .
but then she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter in their house .
bobby woke up real late in the morning because he had stayed up past twelve last night .
he had a party .
when he was trying to make breakfast he kept looking at the clock .
and he spilled milk all over his cereal .
and it overflowed and fell on the floor .
then when he was tying his shoes he broke a shoelace .
then he hadta get another shoelace to fix it .
by the time he had done that he hadta get his backpack on and run out and catch the school bus .
but the school bus had just left .
he started running after it .
but it was no use .
so he hadta walk to school .
then when he got up the school steps he saw the principal .
and the principal said you're late bobby .
why are you so late ?
the end .
one tuesday morning Michelle and George were sposta be at school .
but they were playing hookie .
they went to the city park and were playing around with sticks and throwing rocks at each other .
and suddenly a noise in a bush nearby startled them .
they crept over to the bush and peeked through .
there was a really really weird dog .
Michelle said look at that dog .
I wonder where it came from ?
then they got out of the bushes and looked around the bush and then saw an alien spacecraft .
it had weird markings on the side .
all of a sudden aliens with twelve legs came out .
there were four aliens one dog .
they came out of a yellowish orange spaceship .
Michelle wanted to go over there .
but George said no .
he wanted to go back to school as fast as he could and tell the principal we were sick .
now we got better .
and go back into the school .
but Michelle refused .
she went toward the space people .
then one of the spacemen pulled out a laser gun shot Michelle .
and she turned into stone .
they dragged Michelle into the spacecraft .
and then they saw George .
they shot him too .
except this time this was a different gun .
and George was immediately pulled into a large blue bubble .
they were both pulled onto the ship .
and all the aliens went back into the ship took off into outer space .
and George and Michelle were never seen again .