the momma asked the children where would they like to go .
and the girl and the boy said Mcdonalds .
so mom and dad drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then their mom ordered a salad .
the boy ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla icecream cone I think .
and the girl was thinking which one to decide a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and she chose a happy meal with french_fries coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then xxx said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then while the mother was reaching into her purse she forgot her purse actually .
and then the dad went home and got the purse .
and then the girl actually got what she wanted to eat .
that's it .
Jonathan accidentally overslept .
he looked at the clock .
he he went to the kitchen and got some cereal .
and he looked at the clock and saw what time it was .
and he accidentally spilled the cereal .
he he went to go and tie his shoe .
but his shoelace broke .
so he went outside with an untied shoe .
he went outside .
the school bus already left .
so he hadta go to school .
and once he got there the principal looked at the time .
and then Jonathan told the whole story .
and then he went to class .
Amanda and Jonathan were going through the woods .
and as they passed through leave they saw a ship with aliens that looked like octopuses .
and there was a a boy dog and the mother and father .
and then the ship went .
and then they saw a big bench .
and then they thought that they were going to have lunch .
Amanda and Jonathan were looking and looking .
and Amanda grabbed Jonathan's arm and said let's go see .
and then Jonathan said let's go back home and tell mom .
but Amanda just kept arguing with Jonathan .
and then Amanda said you can go back .
but I wanna see what they're doing .
Amanda did see what they're doing .
and the father caught her .
and then they were speaking in a different language .
so Amanda kept saying what .
and then the father was getting angry .
and then Jonathan brought mom and dad .
and then they saw the children the dog the mom and the dad .
and then they all looked surprised .
and then the octopus mom and dad and the boy and the dog all ran as fast as they can because they never saw people or aliens like these .
the end .