one day Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mother came and said tonight we are going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and Raymond and Lisa both decided Mcdonalds .
then when they went to Mcdonalds , Lisa didn't know what to order either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mother knew what they were gonna order .
once they were at at the counter Raymond told the clerk he wanted a cheeseburger , vanilla milkshake , and fries .
and then their mother said I'll have a salad .
and then Lisa decided she was gonna have a happy meal and a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and then when the clerk told them the total was twelve fifty .
and their mother reached in her purse to get the money .
and she found that she left it on the kitchen table .
and do I hafta say what you asked me ?
and so she realized she left it on the kitchen table .
one day Billy woke up from school .
but he woke up late .
and he noticed that he forgot to set his alarm clock .
he was so worried and trying to rush and rush and rush .
so then when he got downstairs to eat breakfast he was looking at the clock .
and he was like oh no I don't have much time until the bus comes .
and when he was pouring his milk into his cereal it spilled all over the place .
and he just felt this is the worst day possible .
then once he got changed he was tying his shoes to catch the bus .
and then all the sudden when he was trying to tie them his shoelace fell apart .
and he was like this is really is not a good day .
this is so not fair .
then he was going outside running to catch the bus .
and it starts .
and it goes away without him .
then he's really mad .
and he hasta walk to school .
he's running as fast as he can trying to catch the bus .
but the bus turns into a subdivision .
so then he's walking to school for like oh my gosh how can I have this bad day ?
this is so not possible .
when he gets to school his teacher is outside saying Billy , Billy , Billy you're late , look at the time .
and he goes I'm sorry I'm having the worst day possible .
she's like well get in class and get ready for school .
one day Marsha and Tim were going on a picnic .
and so they were walking from their house to the picnic benches in this grassy field .
when they got there Marsha saw this spaceship land .
and she saw all these aliens coming out .
Tim was frightened .
and he was like come on Marsha .
lets go .
we can go tell someone .
lets just get out of here .
and she's like no lets lets watch them .
so she ducked behind some bushes .
and and Tim went with her .
but Tim was very scared .
and so they were watching some aliens .
and Marsha was watching them very carefully .
she was saying how much they look like real people .
how they were were just like a family and even had a little pet like a dog .
Marsha said maybe they won't be that bad .
lets go meet them .
and Tim was so scared he was like no .
I'm gonna run away .
Marsha said come on Tim .
it'll be fun .
and if they do anything tricky we'll just run as fast as we can .
we can run faster than those aliens .
he was like but they've got those special guns .
come on Tim .
so Marsha and Tim decided to go meet the aliens .
once they went over to say hi to the little girl alien they go hello .
and she goes ahh@c mommy , mommy look .
she's like oh my gosh look they're humans .
and then their little alien dog started barking at them .
Marsha said don't worry .
we won't hurt anyone .
we just wanted to see you .
you look just like our family .
what are you guys doing like ?
we're going on a picnic .
and we love this place .
we come here every other sunday .
and so she decided to go .
so they asked them if they'd like to join them .
Marsha said sure that'd be fun .
and so Tim was like yeah maybe it won't be so bad after all .
so they're unpacking their lunch .
and then all of a sudden Marsha goes we can't stay come on Tim .
Tim goes why ?
goes we forgot to ask our mom .
and then they said they'd be back .
and they waved goodbye .
they ran as fast as they could to their parents and said mom , dad can we go on a picnic with these aliens we met in the grassy field ?
their parents said I thought you were already gone on a picnic ?
but mom we wanna go with the aliens .
and we decided to ask for your permission .
they're very nice .
and you'd like them .
so the parents said I told you you could go on a picnic .
but I don't believe any of this alien stuff .
and Marsha and Tim said we can prove it come on .
so the parents are like okay .
so they all went to the grassy field to have a picnic .
but when they were there the aliens weren't there anymore .
Marsha and Tim go they were right here wait .
and so then they see the little baby girl alien who's siting on the ground crying .
and then Marsha and Tim go what's wrong ?
and she goes my my mommy and daddy they they went without me .
and so Marsha and Tim get so worried .
and they start running as fast as they can .
and Marsha's pointing up in the sky to where their u_f_os were running .
they're they're yelling wait , wait , wait .
then all of a sudden Marsha has an idea .
she grabbed the rock and throws it at the bottom of the spaceship .
then they notice there's something .
so they stick their heads out the window .
and they go wait you forgot your little baby .
and then the mom's like oh no you hafta turn around , not my little Zoe .
so they fly back and go to get their little baby .
and then Marsha and Tim go why did you decide to leave ?
they're like well we got a call that my father's in the hospital .
we needta go back as soon as we can .
so then they wave goodbye .
and Marsha and Tim go we'll miss you .
and then when the aliens leave Marsha and Tim tell their parents see we told you .
and then the parents said maybe there are aliens .
but still that doesn't mean you should go off yelling about them .
they might get abducted .
and they seem like very nice people .
they're like can we write to them .
and their parents just started laughing and laughing .
and so it ends up that every other sunday Marsha and Tim would go back to the grassy field and have a picnic with the aliens .