Lisa Raymond and their mom were in the car .
they was going to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
they both knew what they was gonna order .
but when they got up to the the counter Raymond said I would like a cheeseburger fries and a milkshake .
and Lisa said she wanted a Big_Mac a happy meal icecream cone and a coke .
and the mom when she reach to get her purse it wasn't there .
one day a boy named Tom woke up .
and the alarm clock going off just scared him .
and he hit his head .
he went .
and he brushed his teeth .
and he washed his face .
he went to go eat breakfast .
he ate .
he ate cereal milk .
his favorite cereal was cornflakes .
he went in his room .
and he put his clothes and shoes on .
he he wore a red sweater with a orange line in the middle .
he wore blue blue jeans .
and he wore his blue and white tennis shoes .
when he put them on he tried to tie them .
and his string broke .
so he hadta cut the other string and tie it .
he went outside to catch the bus .
the bus left him .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he was ashamed that he got left from the bus .
and the teacher said look you're late .
and he went in .
and he sat down .
and he didn't get in trouble for the rest of the day .
once upon a time there was two two kids playing in the woods named Eric and Danielle .
they they ran through the bushes .
and they saw a alien ship .
the aliens got out .
and and Eric and Danielle were scared .
Danielle was laughing .
and Danielle told Eric stay right here don't go .
and Eric was scared .
he said no I'm going to go back home .
and Danielle was laughing .
the aliens got out .
they had a dog .
and there was a little boy .
and there was a mom and a dad .
the dad was carrying the packages .
and the the little boy had the dog .
the dog looked looked like a sheep .
Danielle started laughing .
Danielle said let me go speak to them .
but when she heard them talk they spoke a different language .
Eric got scared .
he said no lets go .
and Danielle said no hold on .
and she went up there with the aliens .
and she got scared .
she didn't know what was gonna happen .
so she ran back with Eric .
the aliens wore funny clothes that didn't match .
they had blue dots on their purple legs .
and they had long arms .