on a tuesday Raymond and Lisa's mother picked them up .
and she said that they can go out for dinner today .
and she said where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted when they got there .
but Lisa couldn't choose between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
and then Raymond ordered a large vanilla milkshake .
and I forgot before .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa decided to take the kidsmeal or happy meal and a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the clerk said that it was twelve dollars and fifty cents their mother reached for her purse .
and she noticed that it wasn't there .
and then she remembered that it was on the kitchen table .
and that was it .
Sam woke up .
and he looked at the clock .
and he noticed that he overslept .
and when he got out of bed he rushed .
and when he was getting ready for breakfast he spilled it all over the place .
and he spilled stuff .
and when he was getting ready tie his shoes the lace broke .
and he tried to fix it .
and then after that when he was going out to get the bus the bus had just left .
and when he gotta school he was late and got in trouble .
I don't know .
one day George and Suzanna were walking home from school .
and they noticed that there was a flying saucer .
and then when they +...
Suzanna wanted to go up to the flying saucer .
but George didn't want her to .
and then the flying saucer opened .
and a family of Martians came out .
there was a mother a father a daughter and a little dog named Fifi .
they heard the little girl calling her .
and Suzanna wanted to go talk to them .
but George didn't think that was a really good idea .
Suzanna ran up to the Martians and introduced herself .
they actually were very nice when they gotta know each other .
Fifi was very nice and cute .
after Suzanna talked for them for about five minutes George came and started talking to them too .
and Suzanna asked them what they were doing here .
and they said that they were on vacation .
so Suzanna offered for them to stay at their house .
and they did .
when they gotta their house their parents were shocked .
but then after they talked to each other for a while they gotta know each other and became very good friends .
every year the Martians visited .
and they all had a very great time .