on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother told them that were going to go out to eat .
and the mother asked where they wanna go .
and Lisa and Raymond both said they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa did not know if she wanna order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond and the mother both knew what they wanted .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and then the guy at the counter told them that the meal cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother went to go in her purse she realized that she left the purse on the kitchen table at home .
once when Andrew woke up one morning he realized that he was late .
he ran very quickly downstairs to eat his breakfast .
as he tried to pour his milk into his bowl he realized that he poured too much .
and the milk spilled on the floor .
after Andrew finished cleaning up his breakfish and eating it he went upstairs to go get on his clothing .
as he was trying to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and he was very upset .
but he tried to tie his shoe with a very short lace .
then Andrew ran outside trying to catch the bus .
right as he came to the corner where his busstop was the bus drove away .
he decided he hadta run to school .
he ran as fast as he could .
and as he gotta the door the principal was waiting for him .
she told them that he was very late and that he would hafta get a late slip in the office .
one summer day Julia and Eric decided to go take a walk in the park .
they walked to the playground and swung on the swings for a while .
but they got bored .
and Julia decided that they should go to the lake to go swimming .
Eric didn't really wanna go .
but he decided that it would be all right .
so they went to the path that led to the lake .
as they gotta the bushes they they thought they heared a big bump sound .
they both hid down under the bushes .
and Julia decided that she should go see what it was .
Eric decided that wasn't that great of an idea because it could be a fierce animal or a airplane that crashed .
but Julia took Eric's hand and went to go see what it was .
they walked around the corner as they saw what looked like a spaceship and aliens walking off of it .
oh look Eric said .
there's aliens .
and Julia said hey that's kind of cool .
lets go up to them and see if they know any english .
so they went up to the aliens and asked them where do you come from ?
but all the aliens knew were weird words that Julia or Eric did not know .
so then Eric asked them can we go on your spaceship ?
there was no reply from the aliens .
so Julia walked on in .
as they got in the spaceship there looked like there was kids like them .
they talked to the kids for a while and decided that they would go swimming .
they went out of the spaceship and went to the lake to go swimming with the new friends that they made .