on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mom said that for dinner they're go to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa and Raymond were very happy .
then they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa when she walked in couldn't make up her mind .
but the mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
and then they ordered .
and Raymond asked for a cheeseburger a milkshake and something I forgot .
and the mom asked for a salad .
then Lisa knew what she wanted .
and she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the person behind the counter said that will be two fifty .
and the mom reached into her pocket and felt that she didn't have her wallet .
and that's where it ended .
she remembered that she left it on her kitchen counter though .
one day when Sam woke up he found his alarm clock on the floor and realized there was ten minutes left before school start .
he ran into the kitchen and started to get some cereal out and was pouring his milk and xxx looked at the clock .
and some milk got out .
when Sam was getting on his shoes after he got dressed his shoes snapped .
and he started to fumble with it and got mad .
but finally he got his shoes tied and ran outside but just late enough to see that the schoolbus had already left .
then Sam walked to school .
and when the teacher saw him coming in she pointed his finger at him and into the classroom .
one day when Rachel and Michael were on a field trip they were about to have lunch but then couldn't find another seat because all the picnic tables were taken .
so both of them went around and tried to find a place to go and then finally found one .
then all of a sudden when they were about to go sit down a huge yellow and orange u_f_o landed right in the park .
and they hid behind the bushes .
all of a sudden when the door opened and the gas went off a family of octopus aliens came out with all their luggage .
the littlest one was carrying a dog .
the mom was holding her hand .
and the dad had the suitcases .
in the u_f_o was the airplane lady and waved goodbye wishing them a good trip on the strange planet .
all of a sudden the door closed .
but Michael and Rachel were so surprised .
they hid behind the bushes and looked .
they heard mumbling noises and were surprised to hear that they were talking to each other .
they looked out .
xxx and Rachel was so surprised wanted to go over to them and see them and examine them .
Michael was really against that idea .
he told her to not go and grabbed her hand .
then she changed positions and grabbed his hand to take him with her .
when they got out behind the bushes the aliens were so shocked .
they scrimmaged around running places from here to there .
they were so shocked .
when Rachel finally got up to them they were cornered in the forest .
they had no clue what to do .
Rachel wanted to be kind and so did Michael .
so she tried talking in a mumbly voice .
she didn't realize that it was going to be a real language and that it'd mean anything .
but it did .
and it meant something great .
so the aliens weren't going to hurt her .
and she wasn't gonna hurt them .
all of a sudden the u_f_o came back .
and the family of aliens got back on to the u_f_o .
Michael and Rachel waved goodbye and so did the aliens .