once the kid with the r@l name and Lisa got home .
and their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
they both screamed Mcdonalds .
so they got into the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
on the way there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her mother and the kid with the r@l had decided they were going to have a cheeseburger .
they had already decided what they wanted .
when they gotta the Mcdonalds the kid with the r@l name and his mother ordered a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
Lisa decided to order a happy meal a coke and a chocolate cone .
when the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and something cents .
but when the mother went to pick up the purse the purse wasn't there .
they had left it at the kitchen counter at home .
it was Andrew's first day of school .
but he stayed up all night the night before .
when he woke up it was eight thirty .
and he knew he was going to be very late .
so he hadta hurry as fast as he could .
he ran downstairs and tried to fix breakfast as fast as he could .
but the milk spilled .
and he had a bad xxx .
then he xxx tried getting dressed .
when he put on his shoes one of the laces had broke off it .
he hadta get another lace and put it in .
once Andrew got his book bag together and his xxx prepared he ran for the bus stop .
but it was too late .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
after a long long time he finally made it to school .
but his teacher was not happy .
it was a sunny summer day when Miranda and Alex were at the park were having a picnic .
they were playing games and Hide_And_Go_Seek and then tag .
Miranda looked up and saw something whizzing everywhere in the air .
it was orange and yellow .
she wondered what it was .
it started to land right near the field that was there .
Alex freaked out and hid behind a bush .
but Miranda looked to see what it was .
she saw coming out of it eight different aliens .
they were all wearing purple and had tentacles .
they also were carrying a weird dog for their pet including luggage .
Miranda wanted to see who they were .
but Alex said no way .
finally Miranda dragged him over there .
and they met with them .
they became friends with the aliens and .