the mother said we're going to go out to eat .
and she asked her children what they wanted to eat .
the children yelled out Mcdonalds .
the two children jumped into the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
her brother and her mother knew both what they wanted .
her brother wanted a Big_Mac french_fries and a chocolate chip milkshake .
his mother wanted a Big_Mac french_fries and a soda .
and Lisa had icecream .
and it was vanilla .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and the mother realized her purse was on on the kitchen counter at home .
okay Marvin woke up late because he didn't have his clock ready .
he got up didn't get dressed .
but he went to go eat some cereal .
he put cereals in the bowl .
Marvin poured the milk in the bowl .
and it splattered everywhere .
after Marvin made the mess he cleaned it up went in his room to go get dressed .
Marvin got his shirt his pants on and then his shoes .
he tried tying his shoe .
and then one of his laces broke .
and he got angry .
so he tied it anyway .
Marvin got his backpack gave his mom a kiss and a hug and went outside for the bus .
but Marvin was too late .
the bus had left .
Marvin hadta walk to school .
Marvin saw his teacher .
and and she was holding her arm and pointing at her watch .
and she said you are late .
and Marvin was very sad .
okay Here_Comes_New_People_In_Town .
that's the title of my story .
Andy and David were walking to a park .
and a alien ship fell in the middle of the park .
a family of aliens walked out of the ship .
they had a pet .
and and Andy and David were surprised and scared .
David told Andy don't go near them .
but Andy wanted to make friends with them .
but David said no .
but Andy start pulling David .
and Andy went over there by herself since David didn't wanna go .
Andy introduced herself to them .
Andy wasn't that scared .
so she said there was nothing wrong to her brother .
and then they went home .
and they went home to tell their mother and their father that there was new people coming into town .
and that's it .