when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother asked them they were going out to eat and where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what to get either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they were gonna get .
Raymond got a cheeseburger some french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother got a salad .
Lisa finally ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate cone .
and then their mother finally realized that she when oh +...
it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and she realized that she left her purse at home .
the end .
Andrew woke up .
he found out that his clock did not ring .
he went into the kitchen to fix him a bowl of cereal .
and the milk poured all over the table .
he did not get any milk on his cereal .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and he was really disappointed .
he went to go get his backpack .
and he started running outside when he found out that the bus had just left .
and he runs after the bus until he gets to the school .
his teacher is standing outside of his classroom pointing at her watch .
and she is disappointed that he is late .
Raymond feels bad that he is late .
Dan and Laura went camping with their parents .
and they had a picnic one one afternoon .
Daniel and Laura went out to the woods to pick up things to keep .
and they came around a bush .
and they saw this huge gigantic spaceship land down on the ground .
they hid behind the bush to see what was gonna come out .
when things started coming out they saw an alien puppy dog an alien child an alien mother and an alien father .
and there was an alien spaceship driver waving good bye to the aliens .
and so Laura wanted to go over and greet them .
but Dan said no .
Laura tugged on Dan's hand to go over there and greet greet them with her .
when Laura got over there the aliens were shocked to see other lifeforms .
and Laura wasn't .
Laura invited the aliens to come and have a picnic with them tonight .
and so they did .
and their mom and dad were shocked at the sight of the aliens .
but Laura was very happy .
and they grew up to be good friends .