Lisa and Raymond's mom said that they could eat out that night on tuesday .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they both jump in the car .
and their drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa wasn't sure what she wanted .
Raymond and their mom both knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a Big_Mac .
and and their mom wanted a salad .
finally Lisa just told the clerk I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk replied that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then when their mom reached in her purse she felt for the money .
and it wasn't there .
then she realized that it was at home on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
one day Andrew got out of bed .
and +/.
one day Andrew slept not too good .
and he woke up .
and he realized that he had slept too long and was late .
so he quickly got out of bed .
and made himself cereal .
but he couldn't help but rush himself as he knew how late it was .
she didn't even realize himself spilling milk all over the kitchen counter .
he still kept hurrying .
and he broke his shoelace .
still unhappily the school bus left without him .
and he hadta run to school .
when he gotta school his teacher scolded him for being late .
he he knew he should have gone to bed earlier that night .
one day Annie called Joshua telling him about a strange ship that had landed the day before .
Joshua didn't believe her .
so she grabbed his +/.
so she went to his house and tried to explain to him best she could .
finally he decided to go with her .
then she grabbed his arm and raced to the ship hoping it would still be there .
as they they hid behind a bush and watched as four strange creatures crawled out on strange tentaclelike legs .
there was a a father a mother a baby and what looked like a dog .
Joshua screamed in terror but Annie wanted to go meet them .
she ran out behind the bush and greeted them .
of course their language was nothing like hers .
so she didn't understand a word they said .
but she could tell they were friendly .
she went to pet the dog but realized it was nothing she should pet since it was too wiry for her to touch .
she decided to leave them alone and walk around earth as it seemed they had never been there before .
finally Annie looked back to say hello to them again as she had thought about what she had done .
but when she went back to the place where the ship had been it was gone .