well the mom said we're gonna go out to eat .
and the kids said +...
well the mom said where do you wanna go eat ?
and they they both shouted to Mcdonalds .
so they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
Robert and the mom knew .
then Lisa didn't think the mom hadn't ordered yet .
she was the last one to order .
and so they went to the register .
he talked first .
he said I'd like to have the cheeseburger with fries and a large milkshake .
and then the mom ordered .
and she says I'll order a salad .
and Lisa said I know what I'm gonna order .
please give me a happy meal with fries and chocolate icecream cone .
the guy at the register said that cost twelve dollars and ninety five cents .
but the problem was the mom forgot her purse in the house on the kitchen counter .
well the way I'll put the story +...
he forgot to put his alarm clock .
and school starts at seven or something .
so he looked at his alarm clock .
he said how come it didn't ring .
so he looked in back .
he got breakfast .
he was looking at the clock .
he put without cutting the banana and put milk in it .
then he was tying his shoes .
and then a shoelace ripped .
and then he just forgot about it .
so he just ran after the bus .
he was running and telling it to stop .
and then when he gotta school the teacher was out waiting outside just in_case everybody gets in .
nobody gets late .
and then he got in trouble .
and the principal was pointing at her watch .
there .
I'll call this alien alien invasion .
okay .
I'm guessing well +...
one day two people john and Mary were walking through the forest .
then they heard this weird rrrrr@c .
and so they went to go check it out .
they saw this bright light .
that they couldn't know what it was .
so they wanted to go and check it out .
when the ship stopped they saw some aliens .
they saw a mom a dad and a alien dog .
their name was Fred bob and Jenny .
the dog was xxx .
okay .
and then Mary went went to go check it out .
but Joe didn't let her .
so they went to go look who they were .
and then they saw .
how come they have a lot of leg ?
the dog had normal leg .
but it didn't look normal .
so they found some weird alien writing .
and they went to go xxx tell the president .
the president didn't believe them at all .
then they went back and showed the president .
they were siting on that bench there there eating lunch .
the president said let's call nine one one or security or FBI or anything .
when the aliens heard him they said we come in peace .
but the president didn't believe them and said attack !
but the FBI police or government wasn't there .
so the aliens slept .
and Mary and Joe said thank god that's over .
the end .