okay .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them where they wanted to go out to eat .
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide between a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
when Raymond went he ordered a cheeseburger and french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally decided what to get .
she got a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
but the clerk said the total came to twelve ninety five .
when the mother reached for their purse to pay for it she realized that her purse was not there .
she had left it home on the kitchen counter .
Jake's_rotten_day .
one day while Jake was getting ready for school he never heard his alarm go off on his clock and got up too late and was very late for school .
when he got up he realized he was very late getting started .
when he was pouring his milk for his cereal he was too busy looking at the clock to realize that he was overflowing his milk in his bowl .
then when he was getting ready and all dressed he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
then when he went outside to try and catch his bus he missed his bus because he was always so late because he had slept in .
he had spilled his milk .
and his his shoelace had broken .
when he gotta school another way his teacher was disappointed in him for coming so late .
(11.) Jake was very upset because he had not pleased his teacher as he had wished to .
one day Jonathan and Sarah went out to the park to play .
when they were playing Sarah had heard a noise .
she said to Jonathan lets go over and find out what that noise was .
when they went over to where the noise had come from they saw that a spaceship had landed .
there were aliens coming out of the spaceship with a little alien dog .
Sarah was excited .
she wanted to go see what was and wanted to meet these aliens .
Jonathan on the other hand was no we shouldn't .
we should just go straight home .
this is weird .
I don't wanna see this .
and Sarah said come on it'll be fun .
and Jonathan finally gave in .
and they went to go meet the aliens .
the aliens were so scared that they abducted Sarah and Jonathan into their spaceship .
Jonathan said to Sarah I told you this was a bad idea .
and Sarah said to the aliens please don't hurt us .
we're just trying to meet you and say hello .
and then the aliens felt bad for they had scared the two kids .
they let the kids off and waved and explained why they were down down on earth .
they said that their full spaceship had had a problem .
and they could not get it to work .
so they had come down to try and see if they could find some parts and just to visit .
Sarah and Jonathan asked if there was anything they could do .
well we've already got the part we needed .
so I'm afraid there is nothing other than don't tell anybody about us .
Sarah and Jonathan said they wouldn't .
and they waved goodbye to their alien friends as they went back up to space .