when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said that they were gonna eat out .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat out .
and Raymond and Lisa both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to order .
she was deciding between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mom already knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond ordered a hamburger and french_fries with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
then Lisa decided to have a happy meal with a chocolate milkshake .
the clerk said it would be twelve dollars .
and their mom was gonna reach for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she left the purse on the kitchen counter .
one day +...
a boy named john woke up .
and his alarm didn't go off when it was sposta .
so he thought he was gonna be late for school .
then he went to his kitchen and had breakfast .
and it was cereal and milk .
and he spilled some milk on the table and on the floor .
then when he was done with breakfast he got dressed .
and he was tying his shoe when the strap broke .
so he decided just to go outside to the school bus where it would be waiting for him .
and when he got outside the school bus was already starting to go away .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he finally gotta school he was late .
one day Samantha and peter were on a camping trip with their family .
and they decided to walk down a trail when they saw a clearing .
and then they saw something up in the sky .
and the thing landed .
and out came a little boy a girl and another boy with a a little animal .
Samantha wanted to go take a better look .
but peter thought that they should run away and tell their parents so their parents could figure out who the people were .
but Samantha didn't listen and started to go .
but then peter grabbed her and told her that they they probably should go back to the campsite .
so Samantha finally gave up going to go and see who the people were and said okay let's go back and tell our parents .
the end .