on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond their mother told them in in the kitchen that they were going out to eat .
she asked them where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
but Lisa didn't know what she wanted to eat .
she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
in the end she ended up getting a happy meal fries and an icecream cone .
her mother wanted a salad .
her brother ordered a coke a Big_Mac and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mother wanted a salad .
but their mother left her purse at home .
so she couldn't pay the fee which was twelve fifty .
it was a sunny day when Marshall woke up .
he wasn't feeling too well .
and he wasn't on top of everything .
he was late waking up .
he was late getting breakfast .
and he was also late for the school bus .
when he arrived at school the teacher asked him what had been wrong .
and then she looked at his hair and saw that he hadn't brushed it yet .
he told her the story .
and she told him to go get an admittance slip to give to her .
but then when Marshall had it he dropped it into a trash can and couldn't find it .
so he hadta go back to the office and get a new one for his teacher .
it was a bright day when Erin and Natasha and their family went on a picnic .
Erin and Natasha were fooling around .
and they wandered away from the picnic table .
what they saw they couldn't believe .
they thought they had seen aliens walking out of a spaceship in the middle of a field .
even though they thought they could see it they didn't believe it because it was sweltering hot .
they went back to the campsite and told their parents this .
but no one ever believed them .
they didn't believe themselves either .
they just thought that they were just being weird .
they wanted to go back and see it .
but when they did not only did they see the aliens they saw aliens playing football soccer and basketball .
and there were other aliens holding aliens on leashes .
now they thought that they were going nuts .
but they went back and told their parents this .
and their parents got angry at them again .
so they left the picnic .