there was two boys .
and a mother asked where they wanted her to take her to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the brother and the mom knew what they were gonna order .
but his sister had a hard time .
and when they finally got up to the cash register they ordered a salad fries a coke and hamburgers and french_fries .
and her sister made her order .
and the cost was twelve fifty .
and the mother was going to reach for her wallet in her purse .
and then she remembered that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
this story is Bill's_Late_For_School .
this boy named bill .
he wakes up late looks at his clock gets out of bed .
and he's pouring milk splashes it everywhere .
and he looks at the time .
and he is late .
goes gets dressed .
and his shoelace breaks .
he he finally gets everything he needs runs outside and misses the schoolbus .
tries to get it to stop .
but they keep going .
he's gotta find a way to get to school .
when he finds a way to get to school he gets there .
and then he he meets up at the door .
and his teacher tells him he's late again .
One_Alien_Ship .
this boy named Billy and his sister Sam were out one day walking around after school .
next thing they see is a ship land getting ready to take off .
it was no plane .
they were wondering what it was .
so Sammy wanted to get out and look at it closer .
and bill doesn't like the idea too much .
next thing aliens come out a girl a guy with lots of suitcases and lots of legs a mom and their pet dog that was kind of furry .
and he thought that if they left it would be good .
and then they went back to see if it was true what happened .
and they never saw them .
and they never even found the place .
they went back on a different route saw the aliens .
but they weren't no aliens .
they were just people that looked alike .
and they were wondering if it was just their imagination that crossed over because they were reading about aliens in school or if their parents just filled their mind with aliens when they were watching tv that night .