Lisa and Raymond walked in the door from school .
and the mother said we're going to eat out tonight .
where would yall like to eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so her mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mother knew .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake with a coke .
and her mother orders a salad .
and then Lisa said I'd like a happy meal coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and so the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and her mother reached for her purse .
and it was not there .
and she remembered she'd left it on the kitchen counter .
one day this boy gets out of bed .
and he looks like he's not very happy .
and he goes into the kitchen for breakfast .
and he pours the milk on his cereal .
and it overflows while he's looking at the clock .
and he feels a little sad .
and he breaks his shoelace when he's trying to tie his shoes .
and he's mad about that a little bit .
and he misses the bus to get to school .
and when he gets to school his teacher's there waiting for him because he's late .
and she doesn't look very happy about it .
but she doesn't look very very mad .
but he feels terrible it looks like .
and he is looks like he's having a bad day .
one day this boy and girl sees a flying saucer landing on the ground .
and aliens come out of it with this funny looking dog .
and the boy does not wanna go over there .
but it looks like the girl does .
and the boy is trying to hold the girl back .
but he can't .
and it it looks like the momma alien is waving back to the driver alien .
and it looks like they're coming down for vacation or moving .
and looks like she wants to go meet them .
but the boy really doesn't .
and so it looks like the boy's trying hard really to not do it xxx to let her go over there .
and she's pulling him on and on .
but he's trying to keep her back .
and the aliens are have a funny funny funny looking dog .
and it looks like they're in a park and xxx xxx .
and the girl and the boy were hiding behind the bushes .
and and the boy is trying to run away .
but the girl is pulling him on .
the end .