okay one day when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said that they were going out for dinner that night .
where did they wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide in between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
but the mom and Raymond knew exactly what they were gonna have .
Raymond ordered a burger with a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally decided on a Big_Mac with a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
and the clerk said it was a total of twelve dollars .
and when the mom reached down for her purse to get the twelve dollars out it wasn't there .
and she realized she'd left it in the kitchen .
one day this twelve year old boy named Tom woke up and looked at his clock .
and he realized his alarm clock broke .
and school was about to start .
so he was gonna be late .
and then he was so worried about the time when he was getting ready for breakfast he spilled milk all over the table because he wasn't concentrating .
and then just his luck when he was getting ready to go and he was tying his shoes the lace broke off .
so he hadta fix his lace .
he hadta clean up the milk .
and after he did that he ran out the door to see his bus just leaving .
and he went to school .
his teacher said you're late .
look at the time .
and he said I know .
and he told her about it .
and she wasn't very happy .
but she told him it was okay .
the end .
one day a brother and sister named mark and Susie were walking down the park when they saw this big spaceship and a family of aliens .
and Susie said oh my gosh .
that's cool .
let's go meet them .
but mark said no no .
it's dangerous .
but she kept on saying please please .
and he got sick of it .
so mark just said fine .
but I'm not going with you .
so she went up to the little alien girl .
and she said hi my name is Susie .
what's your name ?
and she said my name's Susie too .
and Susie said cool .
and then they started playing together .
and they had a lot of fun .
and their family was really really nice .
and then when mark saw how much fun that they were having he felt guilty that he didn't like the people just because they were different .
so he joined in .
and the little alien girl Susie was nice enough to let him play .
and they were friends ever since then .
no I guess not .