one day Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where do you wanna eat ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
Raymond ordered a hamburger french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
Lisa couldn't decide if she should order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then she decided she wanted a Big_Mac .
so her mother told the guy what they wanted .
and then he said that'll be twelve fifty .
the mom looked for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day there was a boy named George .
George was +...
one day George woke up really late and got dressed as fast as he could because it was really late .
and then George went downstairs and got breakfast and poured some milk for his cereal .
but but he wasn't paying attention to it .
so he spilled it all over himself .
then on his way to the bus he broke his shoelace and tried to fix it .
but it wouldn't work .
finally when he figured it out the bus went away .
and he he ran until he got too tired to catch up with it .
so he decided to walk to school .
when he finally got there the teacher was standing outside and was pointing to her watch and saying you are thirty minutes late .
next time I'd like you to be much earlier .
the end .
one day there was a family .
and their +...
and there was a boy and a girl named Joshua and Megan .
Joshua and Megan's family went to a parade .
the parade was very big .
and Megan didn't like it though .
Megan told Joshua that she wanted to go to the woods .
Joshua said no .
Joshua was trying to tell her no .
but Megan was already dragging him off .
so they explored the woods and saw lots of weird animals that they've seen in only books .
then then they were just about to go back when they saw a big opening space in the middle of the woods .
Megan saw something coming from the sky .
Megan said wow look at that !
and Joshua said we should be getting back to the parade now .
but Megan had already gone off to the ship .
right before she got there Joshua grabbed her hand .
Megan let go and grabbed his hand and took them to the ship .
then the ship opened up .
and bunch of weird aliens with tentacles and spots came out with a weird looking creature that that they guessed was their dog .
Joshua said Megan to stop .
but she wouldn't .
Megan went over to the aliens and said hi .
to Joshua's surprise the aliens were actually nice and not surprised to see them .
the the aliens +...
Megan wanted to tell everybody .
so Megan went back to the parade and told their parents .
their parents didn't believe them .
and and then Megan just wasn't surprised either .
so they went back .
and the aliens said said bye to them because they said that they had other planets to explore .
so Megan and Joshua went back to their parents and keep +...
and they always make up stories about what they could have done with the aliens .
the end .