on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom got home .
and she said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and Lisa and Raymond shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they drove there .
but the girl didn't know what she wanted either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but the mom and the brother Raymond already knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted well I'll get to that +...
and so they walked up to the clerk .
and then she decided on a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and french_fries .
and the mom I don't know what she ordered +...
and the sister ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and her mom left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
what do you think they should do ?
one day Jordan woke up from sleeping .
and he looked at his alarm clock .
and it said he was late for school .
so he hurried into the kitchen and made breakfast .
and accidentally spilled some milk .
he rushed to get his clothes on .
and his shoelaces snapped .
he ran outside really quickly .
and he missed the school bus .
and when when he gotta school his teacher said he was late .
one day Greg and Margaret were camping with their family at a national park .
and they decided to wander off around the campsite and see what else there was .
and they turned the bend .
and Margaret said that she had seen an alien spaceship with aliens coming out of it .
and Greg thought they might be dangerous .
and they might hurt them .
but Margaret said she wanted to get a closer look .
so they went up to the +...
and they thought that the aliens might have come to camp too .
so they went up to the aliens .
and they said hello .
and the aliens said hi .
and they introduced themselves .
the dog was named Lucy .
they boy was named Todd .
the mom was named Susan .
and the dad was named Randy .
and they had a pretty weird teenage girl who stayed in the spaceship because she thought that the sun might ruin her cosmetics .
and her name was Laura .
and so they played tag with the little boy and the dog .
then they went back to tell their parents about what had happened .
they wanna bring their parents to go see .
but their parents didn't believe them .
so they brought them there .
and the parents met the aliens .
and they were friends .
and then the aliens stayed for the night .
and they ate popcorn and went to the campmaster's house to watch a movie .
and in the morning they packed up .
and they left .
the end .