it was tuesday .
and Raymond and Lisa's mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
where do you think we should eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
and she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to get a happy meal or uh +...
I forgot the other one .
and Raymond and the mom both knew what they were gonna get .
so Raymond got a a chocolate milkshake a cheeseburger and a coke .
the mother got a salad .
and Lisa decided that she was going to get a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
the clerk said that it was twelve dollars and forty five cents .
and the mother went to get her wallet .
but she had forgot her pocketbook on the kitchen counter at home .
and yeah I ended .
okay I'll call it The_Bad_Day .
one day Jim woke up .
and he thought it was just gonna be a regular day .
and he would do all of his regular stuff and go to school .
he went downstairs and saw that he had overslept a little bit .
and he was rushing while he was pouring .
and while he was pouring his milk for his breakfast into his cereal bowl he spilled it .
and it just made him even more late .
and he was trying .
and then after he finally got his breakfast he he got dressed .
and while he was starting to get his shoes on a lace broke off of his shoe .
so that made him even take longer to get dressed and put his shoes on .
and now he hadta also catch the bus .
but so he finally got his shoes on .
and he was just getting outside as the school bus pulled away from his house because they thought he wasn't there .
he hadta walk all the way to school which was a few blocks downtown .
and when he finally got there he saw his teacher outside .
and he got in trouble because he was late .
one day john and Maria decided that they needed some fresh air .
and they wanted to go to the park .
it was a nice saturday morning .
and they had brang a picnic basket because they planed on staying until the afternoon .
and they wanted to have lunch there .
they were going to the bench where they were going to have lunch .
but all of a sudden they saw a big green light .
and they looked up .
and then they saw a ship coming down from the sky .
it landed right next to the bench that they were about to go to .
a hatch opened from from the ship .
Maria said it looks like an alien ship .
things came out of the alien ship .
in fact they were aliens .
it was a momma alien papa alien a sister alien and a brother alien .
one of them was holding a very odd creature that that had a leash on it .
Maria and john thought that maybe that was their version of a dog .
Maria wanted to go and see .
but john said no .
Maria really wanted to .
but john still didn't let her .
they ran back home .
and they told their parents what had happened .
their parents said okay then .
if there are aliens let's go back to the park .
they went back to the park .
and Maria and john showed them where the alien ship had landed .
but it wasn't there anymore .
and after that they never saw it again .