Lisa and Raymond were coming back from somewhere when their mom was like hey we're gonna go out to eat somewhere .
then Raymond and Lisa both knew where they wanted to go .
so they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
so their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds where in their area was .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
she didn't know if she should order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her mom and Raymond knew what they were gonna order .
so at first Raymond said I would like a Big_Mac with french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and then his mom said that she wanted a salad .
so Lisa was still thinking about it .
and she said I know what I'll get .
I'll get a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
so after that their mother reached for her +...
the Mcdonalds clerk said that would be twelve fifty .
so she reached for her purse .
and she noticed it wasn't there .
so then she thought .
and she noticed that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
and that's when the story ended .
and I made my predictions and xxx .
one day there was a boy named john who was late for school .
the clock said eight o'clock .
he hadta be at school at eight fifteen .
so he hadta eat his breakfast put on his clothes and get on the bus in fifteen minutes .
so he got up .
and he hadta make breakfast .
he tried to make cereal as quick as he could .
but he couldn't because he was rushing .
his eyes were still a little tired .
and he still needed to have his clothes on and stuff .
so when he tried to pour the milk it spilled all over the table .
after that he tried to put on his clothes and shoes .
while he was putting on his shoes his shoelace broke off of his shoe .
after that he told his mom he was going .
and he went outside to wait for the bus .
as soon as he opened the door he saw the bus leaving from the busstop .
hey wait up he said .
the bus left .
and then he went to school late as ever .
the end .
okay .
this story is called The_Alien_Invasion .
one day a boy named Michael and a girl named Eliza were walking in the park .
they heard a humming sound .
what's that Michael asked .
I don't know Eliza said .
but it sounds pretty weird .
they went behind the bush to see if they could sneak up on it .
then they saw strange object flying in the sky .
Michael what is that Eliza asked .
I don't know .
they both said it's a bird .
then they both said at the same time no it's a plane .
then as soon as the object landed like no it's alien invasions .
right as soon as it landed these supports came out from the bottom of the ship .
then a door opened with steam coming out of it .
so they hid behind a bush until they can see what happened .
then aliens came out a kid one a mom one a dad one .
and one more coming after it with a pet that looks like a dog but not really with a long neck .
and it had a tail with a lot of fur just like it has on his body .
they decided that they might wanna go out and meet them .
Michael was like no come back .
you can't make me go out there .
so as soon as Eliza was trying to pull Michael out Michael objected that he would go out .
Eliza said come on don't be a scaredy-cat .
they're just aliens .
Michael was like exactly aliens .
the end .