on a tuesday their mom asked their two kids what they wanted to eat for that day .
and they said Mcdonalds !
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to have .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then they go to the store .
and Lisa orders something .
and her brother orders a milkshake .
and her mom orders something .
and then the clerk says that the total is twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom suddenly figures out that she left her money at home .
so they do not know what to do .
one day this boy got up late and realized that he was very late for school .
so he really quickly got up and tried to make his breakfast .
but everything messed up .
and then he got ready and showered and went to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace came off .
then after he got his shoes he went outside and went for the school bus .
and while he was going to the school bus the school bus started to go away .
and he was late for school .
and then finally he comes to the school .
and his teacher tells him that he is late .
that's all .
one sunday morning two children named Billy and Jessica went out to the woods to play with their ball .
when they arrive at the park they see a spaceship with weird looking creatures on it .
they do not know what they are .
Jessica asked Billy what is that ?
is that a actor or some clown or something ?
then Billy says no that's not .
I think it's a alien from tv .
let's go see what they're doing .
then they go there .
they go to the spaceship to see them .
they ask what are you doing here ?
and they answer we are from another planet .
they then get really scared and go back home and tell their parents .
their parents say that's hard to believe .
I don't know how you could see an alien .
that's impossible .
then the children say no but we really saw it with our own eyes .
we really saw it .
and the parents say okay let's go see if you're right .
then they all go to the park .
but the spaceship was gone .
then the children say I could have sworn I saw it .
I saw the spaceship .
it was a big one .
there was so many creatures there .
there was aliens there .
they said they were from another planet .
then the dad says well if they were here I would believe you .
but it might have been a dream .