their mom was asking them what Lisa and Raymand wanted for dinner .
and they both said they wanted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they went in .
and Lisa couldn't decide between a hamburger and a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered the Big_Mac the french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and they didn't say what their mom ordered .
and Lisa ordered a hamburger a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when their mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
lance woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he realized he had overslept .
he made a mad dash for the kitchen .
and as he was pouring his milk he looked at the clock and realized it was late .
so he poured faster .
and it spilt all over .
and after he had done cleaning it up and eaten what was left he got dressed as fast as he could tried to get everything matched .
and he was trying to tie his shoes .
and he pulled too hard .
and the shoelace broke .
as he got his backpack and ran out the door he tried to catch the school bus .
but he was late .
and he was going to +...
he was late .
so he walked to school .
when he came to school the principal was outside the door and told him that he was late and that he hadta stay after school for detention .
it was a normal day in the park .
and then an alien spaceship landed .
and the aliens came out .
and there was a girl named Crema .
and there was a guy named Daniel .
and they were at the park when the alien spaceship landed .
and when the aliens came out they hid behind a bush .
and Crema wanted to go out to see what they were like and if they were friendly or not .
and Daniel was so scared he tried to hold her back .
but she insisted .
when they came out she said welcome to earth .
and the aliens said that they were here on vacation .
and then Crema wanted to show them the neighborhood .
and they went around .
but they accidently scared some people .
and at the end of the day they said they hadta go home back to mars .
and when they flew off Crema and Daniel went to tell their parents .
but their parents didn't believe them because they insisted that aliens weren't real .
the end .