their mom told them that they're eating out .
and Teresa couldn't remember once they gotta Mcdonalds .
well they both screamed Mcdonalds .
and see I'm not a really good once I read it like if my mom reads it I don't remember anything um .
they didn't get their food .
they were hungry .
and Lisa I think +...
Lisa she ordered a kidsmeal and a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
one morning Joshua woke up by his alarm because it was broken because it fell off his dresser .
he looked at the clock .
and then he ran down the stairs .
he poured the milk all over the place for his cereal .
he was late getting his shoes on and getting dressed .
he he broke his shoe because he got frustrated because he forgot how to tie his shoe .
then he got his backpack .
he ran outside .
and then there was the bus .
the bus was already half way a mile .
then once he ran all the way to school his teacher was outside his classroom door .
and she was really mad because it was an hour past .
once there was a boy and a girl named john and Allie .
they were adventuring through the park .
and then they saw a big old ship landed on the park .
first they saw a a weird looking dog came out with a big long neck .
and then they saw a child holding it .
and then the child was holding the mother .
and then right behind the mother was her husband .
he had about ten ten legs .
and right behind there was their teenage girl .
and Allie was so excited that she wanted to make friends with the aliens .
and Allie pulled his arm .
so they could of be friends .
but then john didn't wanna because you didn't know if they would wanna suck your brains out or not .
but then Allie just let go and ran out in front of the the aliens .
and and they said mehow@c .
and then Allie said mehow@c back .
Allie knew what it meant because she was half chinese and half Japan .
then the little alien girl wanted to make friends with Allie .
so they were talking in Chinese hoyyahshiyashia@c to her mom and asked her if they could be friends .
so then Allie went up to the alien girl .
and they shook hands .
then they ran off with the dog and started playing Catch_The_Alien_Leg .