all right there was a girl Lisa and Raymond .
and their mother asked they were gonna go eat out and what they wanted .
and they both said Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
and when they got there Lisa was debating whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond and the mother already knew what they want .
so Raymond ordered his vanilla milkshake and hamburger .
and then the mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally decided and said she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said it was twelve ninety five .
so as the mother reached for the purse she noticed it wasn't there .
and then remembered that she left on the kitchen counter .
and and what should they do ?
one morning Ryan woke up half an hour later than what he was sposta and just realized something was not the same as everyday he always is .
at breakfast he spilt the milk all over the table .
and it was eight thirty already when his school starts at eight forty five .
he got dressed and while tryin(g) to tie his shoe his shoelace ripped .
and after running out the door he saw the bus leaving and started running after it .
the bus already left so he hadta run all the way to school .
and was thirty minutes late .
Ryan was just having the worst day ever .
on sunday Michael and Rachel were playing at the park when they heard some weird motor of like a car or something .
so they they followed the sound .
and they hid behind a bush .
and they saw this spaceship or u_f_o and saw a goat looking thing and a girl holding it's leash and pulling their mother .
the the aliens had eight legs or more .
and they had little polka dots on them .
they were talking in this language .
and Michael or Rachel couldn't understand them .
but they kept on listening .
and they kept on thinking and thinking .
and finally they could understand it .
and it said yeah lets have our picnic here .
how long should we visit and all this other stuff .
and then the spaceship took off .
and Michael and Rachel were scared because the father looked mad .