Raymond and Lisa's mother asked them where they wanted to go out to dinner .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and the vanilla milkshake .
her mother looked in her purse .
and she realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and that was it .
john looked at his clock .
and he only had a couple minutes to go before school started .
he hurried up , ran downstairs , and poured his milk .
but he forgot the cereal .
so he poured the milk back into the container put the cereal in the bowl , poured the milk again but he spilt it all over the table .
he cleaned it up .
the clock .
oh no he said I only have one minute to catch the bus .
he started crying .
then he ran back upstairs , put his clothes on as quickly as can be , ran back downstairs , got his shoes , put them on .
he was ripping his shoelaces so hard trying to put it on .
and they snapped .
he decided just not to tie his shoes at all .
when he was running out his shoes were slipping .
he decided to wear different shoes .
he ran back upstairs , got a different pair of shoes , put those on , and tied them without so much pulling and tugging .
he ran outside .
the bus was leaving .
he ran to school .
by the time he got there his teacher was standing right outside the door .
his teacher asked john where were you ?
and she goes I woke up late .
and I just was having problems .
I'm not having a very good morning .
and she said get inside or you won't be having a very good afternoon either .
john went inside .
and he ended up having a fine day except going to bed .
he couldn't go to bed .
Sarah heard the phone ring .
she answered it .
it was a squeaky voice .
it was her friend .
well that's what the person said at least .
she said hi Sarah this is Michelle .
my family's having a picnic .
would you like to come ?
and she's like why is your voice so squeaky ?
oh my phone isn't working very well .
and she's like bring your brother Shane along .
my brother David will be there .
so they told their parents .
and they went outside .
they looked .
they were walking there .
and suddenly over the bush they saw an alien family and a flying saucer .
but it was landed .
someone was waving goodbye from the saucer .
Shane wanted to hide behind the bush and sneak away home .
but Michelle said oh how bad can these aliens be .
they have two arms and just a couple more legs than we do .
a couple more Shane said .
about lets just say fifty more .
and she's like oh come on Shane .
she grabbed Shane .
and they went .
the aliens had the squeaky voice .
the same voice she heard that that said this was Michelle , Sarah's friend .
so Sarah said where's my friend Michelle .
they pointed to a little girl .
that's not my friend Michelle unless you're in your halloween costume because halloween's not until next month .
well , no no I'm your friend Michelle .
I've been watching you .
all those phone calls you got that I have been talking to you .
those weren't from any of your friend Michelle .
that wasn't from your friend Michelle that's here on earth with you .
that was from me .
and I'm like I have a friend alien ?
I don't think so .
I haven't even met you before .
Sarah screamed .
the alien put their hand over it .
don't worry .
we won't hurt you .
we come in peace .
and then she said what are you doing here ?
well we hear your family has some problems .
and she's like no , no problems in a mysterious way .
well said Michelle the alien then how come you're so sad and always cry in the bathroom .
I don't do that Michelle said .
David started laughing .
Sarah told David to be quiet .
she's talking to this alien .
so David was quiet .
and he's like well that's not even true .
Sarah's standing there and she's like yes it is .
you're sad because your aunt might die .
she's like well she might .
but I wasn't crying in the bathroom .
I'm not trying to embarrass you .
it's natural to cry .
and she's like you're an alien .
how do you know anything ?
she's like aliens have feelings too .
suddenly Sarah noticed a little llama llama but dog type animal .
said what in the world is that thing that you're holding with a leash ?
oh this is my pet Grucchi she said .
Grucchi , what type of animal is that ?
it's a dogape@n .
a dogape@n ?
what's a dogape@n ?
it's a dogape@n .
it's a pet .
Sarah's very confused .
now she was thinking this can't be true .
so she grabbed their head .
but nothing came off except a speck of skin .
Sarah was very scared now .
the saucer was gone .
and they put all their luggage down .
are you moving here she said nervously ?
of course we are .
we like it down in here on earth .
we wanna meet some of you earthlings .
but but we're different than you .
we only have two legs .
and we don't have dogapes@n .
we have dogs .
and she's like oh I won't hurt you .
we both have two arms , five fingers and one head .
I'm sure we'll be fine together .
we could be best friends .
suddenly Sarah said where's my friend Michelle ?
(2.) Michelle she's at her house watching tv .
well that's what she was doing when I got into the saucer .
well I'm leaving .
and she's like don't leave yet .
we wanna come with you .
she's like never .
so David and Sarah ran home .
they told their parents .
their parents said oh it's probably just some crazy person dressing up .
but but I tried to grab their head off and only skin came off Sarah said nervously and sort of angry that her parents wouldn't believe her .
come here and I'll show you .
when they got back there the aliens were gone .
they went to every house in the neighborhood .
and finally at Michelle's house there were the aliens .
well Michelle her friend's house .
but Michelle the alien lived there too .
and her family was there .
but she didn't have her brother for David to play with .
she said she remembered what she said .
why did I hafta bring David ?
you don't have a brother .
xxx of course I do Grucchi .
my dogape@n is my brother .
David shouted well I'm never gonna be friends with a dogape@n .
I'm never gonna be friends with any alien or alien pet .
and they're like but why are you at Michelle's house ?
oh because we knew this this was the only place you would go .
their parents were now with them .
their parents , Michelle , David were all shocked in terror .
they couldn't get rid of these aliens .
suddenly the the aliens took off their skin .
and they were regular people .
in fact they were Michelle's cousins .
Sarah had met them before but just once .
and she's like you're regular people ?
then how come when I tried to take off our skin .
these aren't special things .
we got them at the costume store in California where we live .
here up in Ohio they don't have any good costumes .
and what about that dogape@n thing ?
oh this is just mechanical .
what about the saucer ?
I work at a space space thing .
then how come the saucer wasn't there anymore ?
it has wheels .
it it didn't seem very clear to Sarah .
but I guess she hadta believe it .
she didn't know if she wanted to believe it .
but she tried .
she went home wondering .
she never really did ever believe in aliens until now at least .
she wondered if there really was such thing as aliens .
and they were really alien in a costume as a human .
that night Sarah couldn't go to sleep .
finally she went to sleep .
but she never forgot that day with the aliens .