when when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother got home and said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go to eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they went to the closest Mcdonalds .
and when they got in there their mother said what do you want ?
and Lisa says I don't know if I should pick a happy meal or what ever else she said .
and then Raymond said he was picking a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mom was ordering a salad .
and then finally Lisa made up her mind to get a happy meal a coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and it all totaled twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and their mom had left the purse at home .
and that was the problem because she didn't have her purse .
and she couldn't pay for it .
Alan Alan woke up .
and it was past the time he usually woke up in the morning .
and he hadta go to school that morning .
so when he went out to pour his breakfast he was pouring the milk into the cereal .
and it splatted everywhere .
then as Alan went to tie his shoes the shoelace broke off .
and he was very mad and frustrated because he had woken up at the wrong time spilled milk all over the counter .
and his shoelace had fallen off .
when he went outside to try and catch the bus the bus was already there and had left a little ways .
Alan was running running very fast after the bus .
and so since he didn't catch the bus he hadta walk to school .
and when he got at school the teacher said your time is very late .
the end .
Marie and Benjamin were walking through the woods on a trail that they usually walked through in the afternoon after they got home from school .
when they were walking on the trail they heard a very weird loud noise .
when they were hiding behind the bushes to see what it was they saw that it was a very big and yellow and orange and red spaceship that was landing .
when the door opened to the spaceship purple doted aliens came out of the spaceship .
uh I don't remember the names .
what did I say .
well Michelle wanted to go and meet these aliens with their alien dog .
but Benjamin said no no we can't go see strangers and aliens that have just come out of a very weird spaceship .
so Michelle decided that she would go back home and tell their parents .
and when they told their parents their parents wanted them to show them the trail that the aliens came out of .
when they showed them the trail they walked down and hid behind the bushes .
and sure enough they could all see that there were aliens had landed .
and a huge spaceship that was there .
the end .