Lisa and Thomas was at home .
and their mother asked them what do ya'll wanna go eat tonight ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
the mother got her keys .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
then Lisa couldn't figure out if she wanted a Big_Mac or a children's .
so Thomas had ordered a large order of fries a milkshake vanilla and a big hamburger .
and the mother had wanted salad .
and then the daughter had finally made up her mind .
she had wanted a Children_Meal with a chocolate icecream and a drink .
and then the lady said it will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom reached in her purse .
and she had forgot it on the kitchen counter .
can I make up any name for him ?
junior he was laying in bed .
he was sleep .
then his his clock was ringing ringing ringing .
then he woke up .
he looked at the time .
he said oh no .
he tried to hurry up .
he got his clothes on .
he tried to eat some cereal .
but he was just in a rush .
he just rushed too much .
so his milk just spilt all over the table .
and a little bit fell on the floor .
and he was just looking at the time .
he put his clothes on .
he was tryin(g) to tie his shoes .
but his shoestrings broke because he was in a rush .
he was in a rush so +...
so junior went to go find another shoestring so he can tie with his shoes .
then junior locked the door shut it made sure it's real locked so nobody won't break in .
and then he tried to hurry up and catch the school bus as fast as he can .
but junior he was left behind .
he tried to yell wait up wait up but he couldn't .
so junior walked to school .
and then the principal or the teacher was outside saying junior you're late for school .
then he was sad .
then he had got a tardy permit .
the end .
it was a monday morning .
and there was little fairy tail creatures and two real people in it .
so a boy Joseph and Michelle was playing .
and Michelle was just in a rush .
she had went too fast .
and then Joseph had saw some little people that they didn't even know .
and Joseph just tried to stop Michelle .
but Michelle just kept on going .
so Michelle had grabbed Joseph arm and just ran and ran .
but then Joseph said no stop .
it's little fairy tale people .
we don't know where they live .
they just came on a big old ship .
but they had ran into them .
and they were just scared .
they had a pet .
but they tried to make friends .
but they just scared them off to have a cool outdoors picnic .
the mother and the daughter cook while the little girl goes play with her little animal .
and the father set up the table .
they moved in for a couple of days like a week or so .
and then Joseph and Michelle just went back behind the bushes .
and then went home and told their mother what they had saw .
but they didn't believe them .
but when Joseph and Michelle said we'll show you where they live .
and they scared us off .
so Joseph and Michelle went +...
they took their parents there .
then didn't even see them .
they had left .
but but then when Joeseph and Michelle left they looked behind them .
they was there again .
the end .