when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were gonna go out to eat .
and at the same time they yelled +...
their mom asked them where they wanted to eat .
and at the same time they yelled Mcdonalds .
and at the end of the story their mom didn't have their purse .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and the mom knew exactly what they wanted to get .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french_fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mom just got a salad .
and then Lisa remembered what she wanted to get .
and she got a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
The_Bad_Day .
a boy named Austin forgot to set his alarm clock one day .
and he woke up late .
and then he didn't have much time to get ready for school .
so he ran downstairs and got him some cereal .
but he spilled the milk all over the table instead of the bowl because he was looking at the clock instead of watching how much milk he was pouring .
then he went back upstairs and got dressed .
once he was done getting dressed he went downstairs and was about to tie one of his shoes .
and the shoelace broke .
and so he couldn't tie them very well .
and then when he went outside to get the bus he missed it .
and he was tryin(g) to run after it .
but it didn't see him .
so he was late .
and then he ran to school like probably .
and he was late .
and the principal told him that he was late .
so he probably got in trouble .
The_Aliens_And_The_Kids .
one day two kids named Jill and Tommy were outside playing in the park .
and a a alien ship from Mars came down .
and aliens walked out .
and Jill wanted to go see them .
but Tommy didn't .
he was afraid that they would do something .
so Jill pulled him as hard as she could to get him to come with her .
and they introduced theirselves .
and the alien family was really nice .
they played with the alien family for the whole day until it was dark .
and then the next day they met again and started to play all the time .