when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them where they were gonna go out for dinner that night .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
and then they got into the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got in there Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond and mother knew what to order .
and Raymond wanted a big vanilla milkshake a cheeseburger and a coke .
and mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a coke a chocolate icecream and a Happy_Meal .
when mother and Raymond ordered their food and then Lisa did .
she told the clerk what she wanted to order .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
when mother reached into get her purse it wasn't there .
once there was a little boy named Dan .
he was getting up from school one day .
and then +...
and he was holding his alarm clock .
and then when he went to breakfast table .
but when he tried to pour the milk it spilled .
and then he tried to clean it up .
and then after he had breakfast he tied his shoes .
and he went to the bus stop .
but when he gotta the bus stop the bus was already leaving .
and then Dan hadta walk all the way to school .
and it was two miles .
and then when he got there the teacher said that you're late .
and then he went into school and did his work .
once there was a little girl and a little boy .
the girl's name was Michael .
and the boy's name was Sam .
they went to the park on tuesday morning .
and then when they got there they saw an alien family coming out with a dog .
and Sam didn't wanna go near any closer .
but Michael she wanted to go meet the alien family and pet their dog .
and then Sam tried to run home except Michael first grabbed his arm and ran to the alien family to meet them .
but then when they got there the aliens were gone .
they were going back inside their ship .
and then Michael decided to go inside the ship and meet them except the problem was the the rooms and everything looked weird .
and they couldn't find the aliens .
but then they finally found them .
and then they met them .
and then they decided to go get their parents for them to meet them .
and then when they went to get their parents they woke up because it was just a dream .