the mother came home and she asked the +...
the mother came home .
and she asked the kids what they wanted .
and they were going to go out .
so they told her that they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the little girl couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but the mom and Russ whatever his name was knew what he wanted .
and the mother did too .
she wanted a salad .
he wanted a milkshake and a cheeseburger .
and so finally she made up her mind .
and she got a happy meal .
when the man said it was eleven dollars and nine cents the mother reached into her purse .
and she realized that it wasn't there .
the end .
I'm going to call this story A_Horrible_No_Good_Very_Bad_Day .
one morning a little boy named Russell woke up .
and he bumped his head .
he was trying to pour in some milk .
and it got all over .
his shoelaces were broken .
his pants were breaking .
he lost his bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher was taping her foot and looking at her clock .
he thought that he was gonna get a bad grade .
but it happened all over again every single day until he remembered that I should go to bed when my mom and dad tell me .
so he did .
the end .
there was a new family just around the block .
the aliens' name was Sagina &=laughs Lalina Tom .
and their dog's name was Malee .
and there was a little boy and girl that heard about them .
their names were Ross and Michelle .
so they went to go check out who was moving in .
but they were aliens .
and they didn't know it .
so the spaceship looked not really cool .
so they thought that she could check it out .
but the brother screamed no Michelle .
she said come on Ross .
it's okay .
there's nothing to be worried about .
but they went on .
and the aliens took their little beam and fired at her .
they ran home as fast as they could to get to their house .
but they forgot where they lived .
so they went to their granddaddy's house .
and he took them home .
and they had a good day .
and their dog ruffed@o at her .
he didn't know what to do .
so Michelle said let's don't go back there anymore .
that's kinda creepy .
then they knew what to do .
the end .