there was a boy and a girl .
and their names were I forgot their names +...
and and their mother said where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and then she drove them by the nearest by Mcdonalds .
and she ordered a salad .
and the boy ordered a chocolate icecream cone a and I forgot +...
and then the girl ordered a happy meal with a coke .
and she ordered a vanilla icecream cone .
that's all I remember .
once upon a time there was a boy .
he woke up late .
he said oh_man I just set off my alarm clock when when I was sleeping .
and he hurried and got his breakfast .
but the bowl got so full milk splashed out .
and he went so fast his shoelace went off went one of them .
and he ran to catch up to the school bus .
but it didn't stop .
he kept on waiting and waiting .
and then he went to school .
and the teacher said where have you been ?
you have been late .
and he said I been so so lazy .
I woke up at the wrong time .
I put my cereal in .
and then I put my milk in .
and it splashed all over .
and my shoelace unsnapped .
and I was trying to catch up to the school bus .
but it was too fast .
and that's what happened to me .
once upon a time there was a husband and wife .
she wanted to take a walk with her husband .
so she grabbed her husband and went off into the woods .
and when she reached the end of the woods she she was behind a bush .
when she looked over at at the bush she saw aliens .
she was so happy .
she grabbed her husband and went off with the aliens .
but her husband said no you shouldn't do that or else something will happen very bad .
but she went anyway and grabbed her husband .
her husband went out first and said greetings .
but all the aliens paid attention to him .
he was so scared .
he ran off into the woods to his house .
and then the lady went .
and then when they saw the lady everybody was so surprised because they have never seen a woman human before .
and and then the alien puppy_dog was sniffing her .
and then he barked .
the weird bark noise scared her off .
so all the aliens had a peaceful day at the park .