on tuesday &*INV:mhm the mom said where do you wanna eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
four then they got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they ordered .
two &=uh (6.) (12.) (5.) (5.) +...
nine one of them ordered a um (7.) +...
can't remember the first one .
but I know the last xxx .
whoever ordered a meal +...
but I just can't remember .
and then the other one said she wanted a chocolate cone .
and the other one said she wanted chocolate milkshake .
then they ordered what they wanted .
and and then when when they ordered .
and then the mom forgot the wallet .
and she reached in her purse .
and she suddenly she forgot her wallet .
and then uh (7.) +...
that's the end .
on wednesday boy woke up .
and his name was Josh .
and then he went downstairs to get his cereal .
then he poured the cereal .
then he poured the milk .
then when the milk poured the milk spilled .
and then after that he was getting ready for school .
and he broke his shoestring .
three after that he got his backpack on .
and he went outside to get the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and when he got in the teacher said why are you late ?
then he he said because I missed the school bus .
and then he went in to class .
then everybody was looking on something .
the end .
one day a girl and her mom and dad were walking .
and they were walking with their dog .
and then there were two other boy and girl .
and then the girl saw the octopuses xxx .
and they were just getting off of the trip .
and and then the girl had an idea what to do .
and the girl's idea was that greet the aliens she said to her brother .
and then they both stayed .
and they met the octopuses .
and then then they met the dog too .
and (2.) and they suddenly find out they wanted to have a picnic because their dad had something to eat and his bag .
and then they saw a bench .
and they suddenly went over to sit down with the octopuses .
and then they had a great lunch .
the end .