Lisa told the burgler than she wanted a happy meal with a large coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
but when she realized that they had left it on the counter at home +...
well that is all I remember .
and her mom ordered a salad .
that is all I can remember .
how can I even know realize the story ?
I don't know what the story is about or anything .
it is probably about this person .
he missed his school bus .
is it a boy or girl ?
I don't know if it is a boy or girl ?
it looks like a boy .
and he spilled the milk .
he got at school late .
and he also made a big mess .
and he broke his shoelace when he was tying his shoes .
one day a little girl xxx go .
and red went out for a walk to the park .
but when they gotta the park the brother said slow down .
and red didn't slow down .
and then they peeked over the bush .
and they both saw chinese aliens .
and they just landed .
the two grownup aliens and the little alien and the little alien dog +...
they ran back home to tell what they have saw .
and they couldn't bring back any proof .
or they would hafta capture an alien .
and that is exactly what they did to bring back proof .
they couldn't decide what to do for the trap .
but then suddenly Michael had an idea .
he said let's build a cage in secret .
so the parents said sure .
what do you need ?
they built it right out of wood .
but if the the aliens had power that is the real bad thing because they could probably just go right out of the wood .
that's the one problem if they do have power if they do .
they were walking their dog .
they led their dog to that park when they were just getting off .
what funny legs they have .
but there is no such thing as aliens .
so they were at the park .
and then they set up their trap right in +...
and they put it +...
and they colored a picture exactly like what was behind it and what was exactly on the sides so they wouldn't know .
but as soon as they got in there was a trap door that looked exactly like the sky .
as soon as two of the aliens and the alien dog got in they climbed up on top .
and they they got behind the picture .
and as soon as those two aliens got in they shut the door down so fast that they couldn't get out .
then they brought home the proof .
they took the picture off .
and they showed really what they had .
so +...