on tuesday when Raymond and Lisa got home their mother told them we're going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
Raymond and Lisa both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped into the car and drove .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a hamburger .
I might +...
but Raymond and his mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a strawberry shake a cheeseburger and fries .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she got a happy meal a chocolate cone and fries .
and then the man said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mother reached into her pocket to get her purse it wasn't there .
then she remembered she forgot it on the kitchen table .
one day there was a boy named mike .
he woke up .
and when he looked at the clock he was late .
and then when he was pouring his milk he spilled it all over the table .
he was having a very bad day .
he knew it right from the start .
and when he looked at the clock it was seven thirty .
he was sposta be at school at seven forty .
he had ten minutes to get there .
he was very very very upset because he knew he was probably gonna miss his bus .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace break .
he got totally mad .
so his shoe was untied the whole day .
when he ran up to the bus stop he yelled wait wait .
come back .
and so he walked to school .
when he got there his teacher looked at her clock and said you are very late .
please explain why .
he explained why .
and his teacher was very proud of him .
he had a test that day .
so so he was late for it .
but anyway she gave him an a-plus because he he woke up at six thirty .
one day there was a girl named summer and a boy named Cody .
they were thirteen years old .
and they went down for a walk to go to the park .
they went through the woods and past the lake down a stream and over some of the logs they usually go down .
but when they gotta the bush that they usually stop at to have their picnic they looked over .
and they saw a ship .
it had writing on it .
they thought it was chinese writing .
but it wasn't .
it was alien .
and summer remembered when she was learning about outer space that their class had told her about the aliens they had saw when they were five .
she didn't believe it .
but when she saw the writing she remembered it said we will come to earth for for vacation .
and she was very surprised that they would come for vacation .
when the door opened Cody grabbed summer and backed her up .
summer's like let go of me .
I wanna see them .
and then finally she gotta .
they were pink aliens with blue spots all over them .
there was an alien dad an alien mom and an alien little girl .
and there was even an alien dog .
the dog looked like a broken up robot with hair on it .
summer laughed so hard the aliens almost heard her .
when the door closed and it blasted off back into space summer and Cody watched it until they couldn't see it anymore .
they aliens like zee@c choo@c arahun@c deno@c .
0 .
summer she said to Cody Cody I think I remember what this means .
and Cody was like what !
he was shaking in fear .
oh I don't know .
maybe that means they hafta go to the bathroom .
and Cody's like you're kidding .
0 .
so the aliens weed .
the aliens didn't mean to do that .
they were finding a camp spot to to unload their stuff .
when they unloaded their stuff the little girl went out looking for something to eat .
when she found the stream her eyes lit up .
and fire came all over .
when she zapped all the fish came swimming toward her .
and then when she was fishing she caught almost all the fish in the stream .
and when she came back she saw summer and Cody .
and she freaked out and ran back to her mother and told her all about it .
her mother didn't believe it .
she said to her little girl in alien language there are no living life forms on this planet .
we have made serious information about it .
and we have planed .
and we have seen there is nothing on this earth .
well at least on this place for three centuries .
but I really saw them said the little alien girl .
and she screamed and cried .
and then her mother said okay let's go find them .
and then when summer and Cody heard this they ran back home .
and they never saw the aliens again .
what happened to the aliens was the little girl and the mother looked all around .
they didn't see anything .
what happened was instead of seeing the humans they saw a dog a real one .
and they freaked out .
they called the ship to come back .
and they ran inside .
and the ship flew off .
the end .