on tuesday Raymond and Susan's mother told them they're gonna eat somewhere .
she asked them where they wanted to eat .
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
at Mcdonalds Susan couldn't decide what she wanted .
Raymond and his mother already knew .
Raymond wanted the cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
their mother wanted the salad .
Susan does just found out what she just wanted .
she said she wanted a happy meal .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the problem was that she forgot her purse on the kitchen table .
what do you think they should do ?
I think they should go back home and get the purse because without the money they can't buy the food .
and you know that because I already said that .
so I guess they're gonna make the food while they get the purse because the wallet is inside where the purse and the money is inside the wallet .
once there was this boy named Tom .
he had a really difficult day .
when he woke up his alarm clock ringed so loud it gave him a headache .
at breakfast time he he spilled his milk all over the place .
he had a hard times tying his shoes .
and he was late for school .
when he arrived at school the principal said that he was very late .
he hadta go in the principal's office .
and the principal asked him a few questions why he was late .
Tom said he was late because he he had a really difficult day .
he told him about the milk the shoes and him being late and also about his headache .
the principal understood .
she just let him have detention for one hour .
but he was still going to a next grade .
the end .
I call this story The_Aliens_Who_Came_To_Earth .
one day in may second some aliens came to earth .
there was a boy and a girl watching .
the girl's name was Lisa .
the boy's name was Jonathan .
Jonathan was scared of them .
but Lisa wasn't .
they saw an alien dog that really looked ugly .
they saw a whole alien family .
they wondered how it would be .
Jonathan was really scared but not Lisa .
brave old Lisa went over there and asked them .
the aliens stared .
they just grabbed her and brought her back into the spaceship .
Jonathan followed .
john help screamed screamed Lisa .
john was right in there when the doors closed .
the spaceship flew off .
Lisa and Jonathan were trapped .
how will they get out ?
this was a bad thing .
Lisa was crying .
I should have not went over here said Lisa in a crying voice .
john stared at her or Jonathan .
and he saw a rope by the window .
wait he said I think I have an idea .
he opened the window .
and the rope was long enough to go down .
they slid down the rope to the ground .
they ran home as fast as they could .
they told their parents about the the aliens .
they thought it was just a dream .
they thought they were just being weird and crazy .
but they really said the truth .
the grandpa grandma mother father and the little baby sister and brother went over .
the spaceship was gone .
it was nowhere in sight .
they told them they had really seen aliens .
oh oh I wish I hadn't done that said Lisa in a worried voice .
her voice was as squeaky as a mouse .
john's voice was low as a tuba .
I'm just kidding .
it was just squeaky as hers .
but the aliens voice were low as a tuba .
the spaceship was really loud .
nearly broke their heads off .
after the trip home they ate their dinner went to bed .
and this was the end .
and they never saw the aliens again .
the end .
thank you .