I forgot .
in the story after they got home and their mother said we are going out to eat today .
and and she said where do yall wanna go eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they ordered two happy meals two fries two drinks and one milkshake and one icecream and one salad .
and when she reached to her purse for twelve dollars and fifty cents she had left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Kevin .
he he was late for school .
and he got up late because he didn't not set his alarm clock .
this morning when he woke up to fix his breakfast he found out it was spoiled milk .
and he couldn't use use it .
so he hadta get his sister's milk .
next he was trying to tie his shoe .
he pulled his shoelaces and hit his knee .
and he didn't have anything to tie his shoes with .
and then when he didn't have anything to tie his shoes with before he gotta the door he tripped .
he missed the school bus .
the school bus was already leaving by the time he got there (2.) .
now he hasta walk .
when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
and he was sad because he did all those things and missed the bus .
and when he got into class everybody was doing doing the second project .
once there was a a town where these aliens live in outer space .
and they moved to Texas .
and this girl name Lisa went to the park .
and their ship had landed at the park .
and her brother named Kevin was scared to go .
but she was happy to go .
and the aliens stopped .
the the breeze was nice because it was like summer .
and leafs wasn't falling .
and they thought they they could take a good swim .
and Lisa thought that she could play with the aliens .
but her brother didn't think she should play with the aliens .
but she thought it was a good idea .
he thought it wasn't .
and they had a little dog .
he was real furry and stuff .
and she wanted to play with the dog .
and he didn't think it was a nice thing to play with the dog .
and now when the spaceship landed the lady that was doing all the stuff and helping them get they stuff moved waved goodbye and took the ship up back to space .
they didn't stay outside a long time or they will melt .
their spots will come off .
and they won't be real aliens .
but the dog could because it would have air lots of breeze .
and it would have lots of food .
if the dog went away the girl could see him out the window .
the alien's mom thought that if Lisa came over there that her daughter wouldn't play with her .
but the brother was really scared to go .
and when Lisa pulled his hand +...
and she left it .
and her brother put back back .
Kevin ran home .
she stayed playing with the alien's daughter .
and when he get home he hid under his pet .
when his mother asked house on the market Kevin had said it some aliens that moved into town .
and Lisa's playing with the dog and the daughter .
the end .