Lisa and +...
I don't remember the little boy's name .
but those two got home from school one day .
and their mother said that they were going out to eat that night .
and and she asked them where they wanted to go .
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and left to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Nugget_Meal or a happy meal .
so her mother and her brother already knew what they wanted .
her brother asked for +...
when he gotta the counter he asked for a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered some salad .
finally Lisa could decide what she wanted .
she asked for a happy meal with an icecream cone and a coke .
then the clerk said that it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
just as their mother was reaching into her purse to get out her wallet it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she had left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and what should they do ?
one +...
the name of my story A_Bad_Day .
one day a little boy named Sammy woke up to his alarm clock ringing really really loud .
he quickly went downstairs to go get breakfast .
and just as he was pouring the milk into his cereal the bell rang to go to school .
and he accidentally spilled the milk on the table .
after he got dressed for school his shoelaces wouldn't listen .
and they wouldn't tie at all .
he he was going to school walking down the street .
and his school bus was leaving .
he was running after it .
but he didn't catch it in time .
so he hadta walk to school .
once he gotta school his teacher said that he was real late .
he should try next time to be a lot earlier .
he said I had a bad morning .
I didn't get to +...
my alarm clock was ringing extra loud .
my milk from my cereal fell on me .
my shoelaces were not listening .
lost the bus .
his teacher said well still you did your best to get to school on time so you were okay .
so Sammy went to school that day .
and he had a good day .
The_Space_Aliens .
one day two children were walking along a path .
it was monday morning .
they went past this forest .
they decided to go in it for a little adventure and maybe just some snails that they haven't seen .
and then all of a sudden they went past this bush .
they heard some weird noises .
they peeked over it .
they saw these aliens .
they were mm +...
the two children were both kind of scared .
but Margaret was not very scared .
Andrew was terrified .
Margaret ran towards the aliens as Daniel was holding her hand saying no .
and then aliens jumped on a ship .
and they just went off as a family .
then the kids never saw the aliens again .
but they went home took the parents to the place where they saw the aliens to see if they were still there .
the parents said this is not very easy to believe .
but if you said it we believe you .
and the kids quickly just ran back home .
and they looked out their window .
and there was the ship .
and it flew off outer space .
the kids don't know if they really saw the spaceship or not .
but they do know that they did see something .
the end .