their mother said we should go out to eat tonight .
and the kids wanted to go .
and they picked Mcdonalds to xxx .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make her decision .
so Raymond made his decision a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother made her decision a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
but it all cost twelve dollars .
and the mother remembered that she left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
I had a big problem on that one .
first the boy woke up out of his bed .
and his alarm clock was on .
and he turned it off .
and he wasn't ready .
and he had a certain amount of time to get to school .
and once he got downstairs he still wasn't ready .
and the time was going along fast .
so when he put on his clothes and shoes he broke his shoelace .
and then he went outside and missed the school bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher was pointing at her watch because he was late .
okay first the family was on a picnic .
and a big rocket um um +...
can I just call it a rocket because I forgot what it was ?
and a big +/.
a big rocket came down from the sky .
and the girl saw what came out of the rocket so she wanted to go see .
so she grabbed the boy's arm and wanted to take him .
but the boy didn't wanna go because he was afraid .
and the aliens wanted some fresh air and stuff .
so they went on a vacation to this place to get some fresh air and have a picnic and to walk their dog and stuff .
the girl really wanted to see the aliens .
but the boy didn't .
so he told the girl no let's not .
but the girl was so excited she grabbed his hand and took him .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
so the girl wanted to go but she couldn't .
I like that .
that the alien mother was holding the boy's hand that was holding the dog's collar .
and the dad was holding all the gear that they took from their planet to this planet to have a vacation .
so they went on a picnic here .
and they wanted a bunch of fresh air .
and the alien inside the rocketship was working on her computer .
so the little boy wanted to walk his dog while his big sister was doing that .
so his mother grabbed his hand and they started to walk .
the end .