um actually I think now I remember the girl's name .
wasn't it was it oh I forgot the name I was gonna say .
Dianna ?
it was Sarah .
I'm not really sure .
okay um +...
xxx what was I gonna say again ?
oh yeah .
Raymond and Sarah's moms asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and she said where do you wanna go ?
and they both said we wanna go to Old_Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then Sarah couldn't choose what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom already knew what they wanted .
then Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and his mom wanted a salad .
and then Sarah made up her mind .
and and she wanted a happy meal with an chocolate icecream cone and soda .
but then the clerk said that would be four dollars and forty nine cents .
and then Raymond and Sarah's mom didn't have any money .
she left it on the dining room table at home .
Benny woke up when he was pretty much late for almost for school when his alarm clock was ringing really really loud .
then Benny went into the kitchen and got cereal for breakfast and tried to pour the milk when he spilled his milk on the table and all over the place .
Benny tried to really really tie his shoes .
but then his lace broke off .
and then he tried to catch the bus .
but it left without him .
Benny was having a bad day .
then he just hadta walk to school .
and then the teacher looked at him and said Benny what's wrong .
and then Benny said to the teacher I I am having a bad day .
I can't wake up at the right time .
I can't even get myself breakfast .
I broke my shoelace .
and now I hadta walk to school instead of taking the bus .
David and Sally were walking to the park .
then David saw this big alien ship come down and was trying to stop Sally from going there to see them .
then the aliens were glad they were there because they were going camping .
and they brought their dog which was an alien too .
and then Sally tried to go past the aliens when David thought it was too dangerous and didn't wanna go .
so then the aliens were starting to see them .
and then David tried to run .
but Sally just took David's hand and tried to pull him across with her .
but then the aliens saw them and tried to like bring them back on their ship and go back to space and kinda do an experiment on them .
that's pretty much it I could think of .