&=sighs on tuesday Lisa and her +...
I forgot her brother's name .
I can't pronounce it that well .
but Lisa and her brother got home .
and their mother said they're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
so &=sighs Lisa and her brother both yelled out Mcdonalds .
so their mother got in the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa's brother and the mother both knew what they wanted .
but Lisa didn't yet .
so Lisa's brother and her mother ordered first .
and their mother got a salad .
Lisa's brother got a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and finally Lisa knew what she wanted .
she wanted a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
and she so +...
and the guy at the register register said that would be twelve fifty .
so the mother went to get her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
so what do you think they should do ?
I think that they should go home and get it .
um what are the who are the +/.
okay I gotta think of a name .
um is this sposta be a boy or a girl ?
um it can be a girl .
Lisa like the one at Mcdonald Mcdonalds .
Lisa woke up one morning .
she hadta go to school .
she was tired .
and her alarm clock didn't go .
so she woke up .
she looked at that clock .
and she got her breakfast .
and she accidently poured too much stuff in .
she spilled and made a mess .
and she put too much of breakfast in her bowl .
so she hadta finish it all .
and she didn't finish it in time .
then she hadta get her shoes on and get dressed .
so she got her shoes on .
then her shoelace got undone or something .
her shoelace snapped .
then she tied her shoe with a short shoelace .
then as soon as she went out to sidewalk where her bus goes she missed the bus .
and the bus was just going .
so she hadta walk to school .
and her backpack was very heavy .
and she didn't wanna miss the bus that day .
so she walked to school .
she tried to go as fast as she could .
but she was really tired because she was sleepy and her backpack was way to full .
so when she gotta school the principal was standing at the door .
and the principal said how come you're late Lisa .
and she said I had lots of problems this morning .
and one of my biggest problems was that my alarm clock didn't ring .
so the principal understood .
and so the principal forgave her .
and she went into class and told her teacher what happened .
then her teacher forgave her .
and she had a good day .
one day a boy and a girl name Annie and john went off to the park .
when they got there it was a warm day .
and it was in the summer .
and when they got there they saw something really weird .
they saw some aliens .
the aliens came off from a space shuttle .
and they had a pet alien or something .
and so Annie wasn't afraid .
she wanted to go .
but john was pulling her arm .
and she was pulling his to go over there .
and he was pulling her back .
so Annie pulled him over .
and they asked what their names were .
Annie told them .
and they &=sighs +...
this story isn't gonna be long .
okay and they all were nice to each other .
and they all became friends .
and they played in the park and stuff .
and the mother's name was Mary .
father's name was Joe or something .
and the little girl's name was seven legs .