on tuesday (9.) Lisa and Raymond (9.) went home .
and their mom said they could pick a place to go to dinner .
and then they picked Mcdonalds .
and so they both ran into the car .
and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and their mom both knew what they wanted to eat .
but Lisa didn't .
and so finally she figured out what she wanted to eat .
and her brother ordered a happy meal a vanilla shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and when Lisa gotta the counter she told the clerk that she wanted a chocolate icecream cone and a happy meal and coke .
and he he said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when their mom reached for her purse she couldn't find it .
and then she realized that she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one morning when a little boy woke up he looked at his alarm clock .
and it was broken .
and so he woke up a bit late .
but when he went in to to his breakfast he was pouring the milk .
and he was looking up at the clock .
and the milk spilled .
and when when he was tying his shoe he had pulled too hard .
and the lace broke .
and by the time he fixed it and went outside the school bus had left .
and so he hadta run to school .
and when he had gotta school his teacher said said he was very late .
and he was very tired .
and his teacher said that he hadta do his work outsides .
and he was very scared .
and xxx .
one sunday morning Amy and jack went out to play at the park .
and then after a few hours some part alien part octopus people came .
when Amy was running forward to go pet their dog jack pulled her arm and said to stop because it was too dangerous .
and they could make a turn and shoot aliens .
and so they hid behind a bush .
and then after a little while jack decided to go home and tell their parents about what happened .
and so when they told their parents they said it was pretty hard to believe .
so they went back to the park .
and when they went to the place where they thought the aliens were they saw they weren't there .
so they both thought that they were just images that only they could see because the next day they told their friends about it .
and &*INV:well_good they didn't see the aliens .
and so they spread the news .
and soon everybody stayed in their houses .
and and they never went outside again because they were very very afraid .