one tuesday morning Lisa and Raymond +...
no .
on tuesday morning their mother asked them we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Carmen asked to have a happy meal and xxx a happy meal .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
finally she made up her mind .
she'll have a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and coke .
their mother ordered a salad .
when she was reaching for her purse it wasn't there .
she left it on the kitchen counter .
the questions were where did they go out to eat ?
and was it what did they have ?
and what was the problem ?
and I think that's all .
Michael woke up this morning and looked at his alarm clock in a rush .
and then he went into the kitchen .
and he poured milk looking at the clock .
and so he spilled it .
and after that he cleaned it up .
and then he went to go get dressed .
when he went to go get dressed he was tying his shoes very fastly and hard pulling on them .
and then his shoelaces broke .
and then he said said I am not gonna worry about this .
oh well .
and then he just left it like that .
and then he went outside .
and he got his backpack .
and then he went outside .
and when he just got outside school bus just drived away .
and he started to stopped it .
but it wouldn't stop .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school there was a person .
and it was his teacher .
and she said you're late .
how come you are late ?
Michael told her what had happened .
then she said okay .
but next time try not to miss the bus .
and make sure you set your alarm clock the right time .
Tommy and Lisa were playing hide-and-go-seek .
and they found each other .
and then they were behind the bushes .
and they saw something coming down .
and so they went behind the bushes .
and they looked at it .
and Lisa said let's go see what they are .
they might be new new people to live here .
and Tom said no they might be something that are coming to Attack_ed us .
and so he said stop don't .
but Lisa wanted to go .
so that she stayed there .
she said they could be something like octopuses from outer space .
and Tom said they might be aliens .
and so they told their parents .
and they said I don't think that's true .
and then they said we'll prove it .
and the aliens just got out .
and so she said there .
she said well let's go see if they're nice or not .
anyways I've got a gun because their father's a hunter .
and they were best friends .
and the aliens said that's love .