.
I just can remember when they went to to Mcdonalds .
that's all I can remember .
uh okay .
they ordered their food .
and the mom got cheeseburger fries and a coke .
and she couldn't make up her mind &*INV:good if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
the cashier said twelve ninety nine .
and the mom realized she'd left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and (12.) Lucy and john said what shall we do .
and then +...
that's about all I know .
one day john woke um um +...
can I start over ?
one day john woke up .
and he fell onto the floor .
he banged his head on his dresser .
and he said ouch that hurts .
then he went downstairs and into the kitchen .
and he said said I wanna a drink of milk .
then he got the milk carton out .
and he tried to pour it into the glass .
but he spilled all the milk out of the milk carton .
and his mom said he hadta pick it up .
then after he cleaned it up he had trouble tying his shoelaces .
and then after doing it for a long time one of his shoelaces broke .
then his mother got him a new shoelace .
and then it was all ready .
and then the school was honking its horn .
and he was late for the bus .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he was very late .
once upon a time a long time ago there were five aliens .
um &=sighs um .
the little boy's name was Kyle .
the guy in the alien ship ship's name was (8.) +/.
Judy .
the mom's name was +...
the dad's name was Robert .
and the mom's name was lulu .
(5.) the girl's name was Judy .
and the boy's name was mike .
one day a boy and a girl found a spaceship in the sky .
and it landed on the ground .
so they hid in some bushes .
and five aliens came out .
one was a weird looking dog .
and the boy was holding his leash so he wouldn't run away .
they had brung all their stuff and all their gear for camping .
and the ship was about to take off .
all of a sudden the girl on the spaceship the mom called her .
and the girl on the spaceship said byebye .
and the ship ship took off into the sky .
and the mom and dad said I have have made a big huge mistake .
so they saw a bench nearby .
and they sat down on the bench .
and they ate lunch for two hours .
and by the time their lunch was done they had still a lot more food .
then they said look there .
the one kid went to play with his dog until it was time for supper .
then they ate supper .
and then the spaceship came down .
and the little alien came out .
and all of the aliens got on .
and they took off in space .