there was a girl and a boy named Lisa and um I forget his name again um +...
and their their mother asked them where would you like to go for dinner ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the mother went to the nearest Mcdonalds place .
and Lisa said she couldn't pick what she wanted because there was so much stuff to choose out of .
and then the boy's name ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally ordered a chocolate icecream cone and some other stuff .
I forgot it .
and then the mother um +...
and then the clerk person said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mother went to go go into her pocket to get the wallet .
but it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she left it on her counter in the kitchen .
and so that's the end .
well one day a boy woke up .
and she tried to get a cereal .
but then this milk spilled .
then he got his clothes on put on one of his shoes and then the other .
and then when he was putting on his other shoe the lace broke .
then he packed his backpack ran for the bus .
and then he missed it walked to school .
and then someone was standing outside telling him that he was too late .
once upon time there's a boy named Adam and a girl named Lila .
they were walking home from the park .
and there in the park they saw spaceship with writing on it .
and four aliens coming out with suitcases no with octopuses coming out .
one with a dress one with a skirt one with pants with eight legs .
and a dog that had two noses and a red collar &=laughs .
then Adam was saying stop stop Lila .
and then he was saying let's go back home .
these people are scaring me .
and Lila said wait a second .
I wanna say hi .
but Daniel kept on saying no no .
and then Daniel pulled her back .
and finally they went and told their mom and dad .
their mom and dad didn't believe them .
so they all showed them .
but then when they got back there was only the dog .
all of the octopuses were hiding in the trees .
they couldn't find them .
then they saw this little yellow ship in the air .
and then somehow it came back down .
these other octopuses came out .
they looked just the same with the dog with the girl with the skirt a mother with a dress and a father with pants with eight legs .
the end .