there was Lisa and somebody else .
and they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the boy knew knew what he wanted to order .
and mom knew what she wanted to order .
but Lisa didn't .
it was either a happy meal or something else .
and she choosed the happy meal .
and the clerk said twelve dollars and thirty five cents .
and then when mom looked where her purse was it was gone .
and she realized it was at home .
so I can make the boy's name up ?
okay .
one morning a boy named Devan woke up .
and his head hurt .
he went downstairs to have breakfast .
he poured his cereal and his milk .
but his milk spilled .
and once he got dressed one of his shoelaces broke .
and he got two shoes that were kind of the same that were in his room .
and then since that took him a little while to get his backpack and stuff ready the school bus was there .
but when when he broke his shoelace the bus was leaving .
and he said wait wait .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then after school he took the bus .
but only his mom said look the time .
you're late .
and the boy said mom I broke my shoelace .
and then I hadta get new shoes .
then I hadta get my backpack and stuff ready .
and the the bus left when I broke my shoelace .
and then I hadta walk to school .
and and now I took the bus .
that's why I'm late .
and the mom said oh that's okay .
you're fine .
the end .
there's girl whose named named Emily xxx .
she was playing in a park when she saw a spaceship .
she ran to it .
but the door wouldn't open .
there was aliens in there .
but the aliens were trapped .
and then the girl brought her family over to look look where the aliens xxx tried to break the door open .
and they broke the door open .
and then the aliens came out .
and the aliens said why thank you .
we were trapped there for thousands of years .
but we could still drive the thing .
and then the girl told the police that there were aliens on earth .
and the police came .
and they said why gosh they are aliens .
and then the police said you guys could stay here for a little while .
but if you stay here for a long time you guys may rule the world .
and so you could be here for a year or two .
and and the aliens said okay .
and they shaked his hand .
and the police took them to the nearest hotel .
the police payed for them .
and when it was one or two years they knew where the spaceship was still .
they went back in their spaceship .
the door wasn't stuck anymore .
they shut the door .
and they flew away .
and then before they flew away everyone said goodbye to them .
and and they met the other side of the world .
and they did the same thing too .
the end .