Lisa and Raymond were in the kitchen when their mom said we're going out for dinner .
where would you like to go ?
Lisa and Raymond both jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
and they hoped into the car .
then they drove away to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and mom both knew what they wanted .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
Raymond asked for a a hamburger some fries and a vanilla milkshake .
mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa said she would want a happy meal with a diet coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and when mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she had left it on the kitchen counter .
one day jack woke up .
and he looked at his alarm clock and said oh no I'm late for school .
he went downstairs as fast as he could .
and he poured his cereal .
but he was too busy looking at the clock .
and he spilled milk all over the place .
and he barely got any breakfast .
when he went to tie his shoes his lace broke off .
and he got so aggravated that he felt like he didn't wanna go to school .
but his mother said he hadta .
so he ran to the schoolbus .
but he just missed it .
and he ran ran and ranned all the way to school .
when he got there the principal was waiting and said you're late jack .
and jack explained the whole thing .
and when the principal understood that his grandmother was there last night .
and he didn't get enough sleep .
she said that's okay jack .
we'll just fill you in on what's happening .
and then you'll be all set for school .
Megan and Daniel I said Daniel because I was thinking of your story .
Megan +...
I can't I just can't think of a name for this story .
Megan and Thomas were were in the park about to go home when they saw a very strange figure hovering above in the sky .
let's see what it is said Megan .
Thomas said no we could get killed with that thing .
then we'll stay behind the bushes said Megan .
oh alright I'll follow your little plan .
but don't bring me anywhere .
so they stayed behind the bushes and waited and waited and waited until the very strange figure that looked to be a giant bowl with no top landed on the ground .
then this little doorway poped out .
and they saw these very strange creature that seemed to be octopuses and an octopus dog .
they had spots all over .
and they looked to be aliens .
which I think they were .
they yelled and screamed and said +...
and after when they finally cooled off .
they said I'm going to go tell my mom and you're coming with me .
and Daniel said I told you not to bring me anywhere .
and Megan's like oh don't be a scaredy-cat .
but they'll never believe us never .
well yes they will .
all we hafta do is take one of them with us and take some fur from the dog .
are you crazy said Thomas .
no .
I think you are because you just don't think that we can do it .
we'll just pick the smallest and most unfierce one the little girl holding the dog .
so when they got there they tried to hide .
but the the aliens saw them .
get them said the mother .
this will never do as a place because there's so much humans around .
they tried to take some fur from the dog .
but the dog ran away .
they ran home to tell their mom .
but their mom wouldn't believe them .
their mom said well aliens don't exist .
so I have no idea why you think you saw some .
but we did said Megan .
we really really did .
come we'll show you their ship right in the park next to the picnic table .
so they went .
and they looked .
and they looked .
and they looked .
but Megan said I know why they're not here .
remember when the mom said we can't stay here because there's too much humans .
and so the mom never believed .
and Thomas and Megan never went to the park again bewaring of aliens .