after Raymond and Laura got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and Laura and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and the mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Laura couldn't decide what she wanted .
but Raymond and her mom already knew what they wanted .
so when Raymond got up there he asked for a cheeseburger french fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and the mom asked for a salad .
and then Laura finally made up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal and fries with chocolate cone .
once there was a boy named Mitch that was sleeping and overslept .
and then when he looked at the time he was already five minutes late so rushed out to the kitchen to get his cereal .
but he was already fifteen minutes late when he got downstairs because because he took so long to get out of bed .
and then after that he tried to eat his cereal too fast .
and then he hadta lie down for two minutes .
that made him seventeen minutes late .
then he ran to get dressed .
and then he went to get get on his shoes .
but when he was tying his next shoe on his shoelace broke off .
so then he hadta use half a shoelace in and another shoelace .
so when he ran out the door the bus already came by his house .
and he was chasing after the bus .
and when he got there he was already twenty two minutes late .
once there were two kids named Michael and Kiki .
when they were walking in the woods they walked to their favorite spot in the woods and sit down to eat their lunch .
but right when they were going back from the woods they heard a loud whoo@c sound right behind them .
and it came louder and louder and louder until they heard the loudest doh@c they ever heard .
and as soon as they heard it they ran behind two two large bushes .
and when when the hatch door opened three aliens came with a funny looking thing that the littlest alien was holding .
I think they thought it was a dog .
and after that Kiki said that she wanted to take a look at the aliens .
but Michael wouldn't let her .
so when he tried to hold her back Kiki just ran out and talked in front of the aliens .
and then as soon as one of them looked really angry .
they thought that she was trying to hurt them .
she just ran out .
and then she just screamed and ran back to home .