it was tuesday morning .
Lisa and Raymond's mom called them and said it's time to go out to eat .
where do you wanna go out to eat ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled out Mcdonalds .
they both run and hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to eat between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mom knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
Raymond's mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she told the clerk I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk rang it up and said that will be two fifty .
and then Lisa and Raymond's mom looked for her purse .
then she realized that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
the end .
one day Daniel got up from bed .
his alarm clock had already gone off .
he was late for school .
so he hadta go downstairs real fast after he got dressed .
he poured himself some milk and cereal .
he spilled some cereal or spilled some milk .
it was after six o'clock .
when he was trying to tie his shoes his shoelace broke off .
so he hadta go to school like that .
it was hard to tie his shoes together with one short one and one long one .
and so he just finally figured it out .
by then it was almost seven o'clock .
when he got outside the bus was already leaving .
he called after it .
it was no use .
he hadta try and run after it .
he couldn't .
so he had two choices to either get his mom to drive him to school or to walk .
he decided that he would ask his mom what to do .
and mom said to walk because she did not not feel very good .
and she hadta get to work real soon .
so he walked to school .
he got there late .
his teacher was mad .
she did not want him to do that again .
she gave him a tardy .
the end .
what is these xxx things ?
once there was a ship that landed .
there were two people around .
it was in a park .
when they saw it they thought it was tiny .
when they saw the people come out they thought they were chinese aliens because of the handwriting on the ship .
one of the chinese aliens had a chinese poodle dog .
and it's name +...
they heard him speak chinese .
they thought they called him poodle .
but then they realized that they weren't .
they were calling their kid poodle .
and so then it looked like they had gone a long ways .
there was was a girl and a boy .
the girl wanted to go and look at them closer .
the boy tried to stop her .
the end .