(10.) Lisa and Raymond's mom said we're going out for dinner tonight .
she said where do you wanna go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind on what to buy a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but her mom and Raymond already decided .
when they gotta the counter the clerk asked them what they wanted .
the mom said she wanted (15.) uh um +/.
mom said she wanted a hamburger .
and then Raymond went .
he told the clerk that he wanted a large hamburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa went .
she had decided .
she said she wanted a Big_Mac and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fourteen cents .
the mom looked in her purse .
but it wasn't there .
let's see .
mom looked in her purse and said it wasn't there .
the title of my story is Billy .
one day Billy's alarm clock didn't ring .
and he forgot to wake up .
but when he woke up it was very late .
so he dashed in to get breakfast .
but he spilled all the contents that he was putting in his bowl .
so he hadta clean it up .
but he forgot that he was undressed .
so he went back to his room and started to put on his clothes .
as he put on his shoes one of the laces broke .
and he hadta find another one .
after he found a new one he tied his laces and looked at the clock .
it was almost time for his bus to leave .
so he got all his books together and put on his backpack .
he ran all the way to his bus stop .
but as he got there the bus was just leaving .
he tried to run after it .
but it had left .
and he would surely be late for school .
he ran all the way to school .
and when he got the steps the principal was very ashamed .
he said to look at your watch .
and he was late .
oh no he thought .
I'll never be late again .
so he went in school .
and he he was never late again .
at least for some time .
aliens .
one day Lilly and Max were playing tag in the forest .
Lilly Lilly went to hide in a bush .
but but then she saw something yellow .
something that had words she could not describe .
they were red and had had dots on them .
when Max came to find her Lilly Lilly jumped with fright .
then Max saw what Lilly was looking at .
they both thought that it was really weird for something so yellow and something just like like a spaceship maybe to land right in the middle of the forest .
Lilly thought it was cool .
so she she almost fell into the grass from the bush .
but Max stopped her .
he said no .
do you know what those are ?
yeah aliens .
then why are you going out there he said .
I wanna meet them .
the aliens seemed friendly .
but when they saw Lilly and Max they turned red and very mad .
Lilly and Max ran all the way home .
when they got there they said to their parents aliens are invading the planet .
their parents didn't believe them .
they just thought it was Pishposh .
so when Lilly and Max went back to the spot they were playing the aliens and the spaceship were gone .
they wondered if it was a dream or if they had just been seeing things .
they they went the next day .
and they played there again .
but they didn't see the aliens or the alien spaceship .