one day when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother said that they were going out to eat dinner .
their mother asked where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she was going to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother knew what they were going to order .
Raymond ordered a +...
when the clerk was ready Raymond said that he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
when Lisa finally made her decision she said I want a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
when their mother reached down to get her purse she realized it wasn't there .
she realized that she left it on the kitchen counter .
one morning Jim woke up and looked at his clock and said I'm late .
he went downstairs to pour himself a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled it all over .
so he looked at the clock again .
and he knew that he was pretty late for school .
so when he tried to get ready his shoetie broke broke .
so he got really really angry .
when Jim went outside to go catch the bus the bus had already left .
so Jim hadta walk ten miles and ten blocks to get to school .
when he gotta school he was exhausted .
when he went in his teacher said Jim you're late .
you are late by two hours .
what happened ?
well this morning I woke up .
and I was late .
my alarm clock didn't go off .
I poured my cereal .
and I missed .
so I made a big mess .
my shoelace snapped .
I missed the bus .
so I hadta walk ten miles and ten blocks .
well then you needta fix that alarm clock .
now hurry up .
you are late for school .
I call this story the alien invasion .
one day in summer a boy named Christopher and a girl named Megan went to to the woods to have a picnic .
when they got there Megan got out the picnic basket and said we have bologna and tuna sandwiches with mustard apples oranges some grape juice crackers a mini twinkie and some chips .
when they got done eating they were full .
they couldn't eat another bite .
so Megan and Christopher packed up the things .
when they were ready to leave they heard a loud vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c .
and they tried to go hide behind the bushes as fast as they could .
but Christopher dropped the picnic basket .
when they hide behind the bushes they couldn't believe their eyes .
they saw an alien family .
a little girl a mom a brother an alien dog and a friend named Maria .
when Megan saw this she was in love because she loved aliens .
she said come on Christopher don't be afraid .
we needta go back .
we needta go see these people .
what if they can speak to us .
I don't think they can speak to us .
do you see the alien writing on the ship .
yeah but I can read alien writing .
no you can't .
those were just magazine clippings of what they think is alien writing .
but it really was wrong .
the scientific way of saying we saw these lizards that look like aliens .
so +...
but Christopher and Megan went home .
but the next day Megan tried to go see the aliens .
and they weren't there .
but then when she went out at noon the same thing happened .
a loud vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c came .
and Megan hide behind the bushes .
and Christopher saw her .
so she caught up to him and said no Meagan .
they might hurt us .
no they won't .
and Megan went barging out to the alien family .
and she said hello .
we will not hurt you .
oh but we will .
so Megan tried to go as fast as she can running .
but Christopher wasn't there anymore .
so Megan tried to go home .
but then the next day when she came back Christopher wasn't at home .
he wasn't anywhere .
she called every place .
his parents said he didn't come home .
we thought he stayed with you .
no he didn't .
so Megan went back where she saw the spaceship at first .
and then she saw it .
it was open .
but she couldn't see the alien family .
but then when she went inside she saw Christopher tied up .
he couldn't breath .
so he took the tape off his mouth and the rope .
and he said what happened ?
the aliens captured me after you ran .
well we gotta get out of here .
suddenly when they saw the aliens they said we are going to suck your brains out .
and the little one ran as fast as she could and tried to catch them .
she caught Megan .
Megan squealed and kicked the alien in the head .
she finally ran out in the woods and got home .
when she got home she said mom dad come here quick quick quick .
and then that is what the same thing Christopher did .
when they went back to the aliens they couldn't find the aliens .
so they went home again .
the next day Megan and Christopher and their parents were going to have a picnic .
but suddenly they heard the vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c sound again .
and that's when they saw the aliens .
and they ran for their lives .
but they didn't make it .
they got hit by the spaceship .
and they went up to mars .
and no one has ever seen them again .