when Lisa and +...
oh this is gonna be hard .
Remzy .
oh I forget .
.
Lisa and Remzy got off the bus .
their mother said we're gonna go out for dinner .
where would you guys like to go ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds !
so they got into the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a cheeseburger or a happy meal .
her mother and her brother had already decided .
her brother wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and her mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said it'll be twelve fifty .
and then when their mother went to reach into her purse she remembered that she had forgotten her purse on the kitchen counter .
one morning when Todd woke up he looked at his alarm clock and said oh no I'm gonna miss the bus .
so then he hurried downstairs to eat breakfast .
while he was trying to pour his milk fast it spilled all over the table and so did the cereal .
after he got dressed and combed his hair +...
when he tried to tie his shoe in a fast the shoelace broke .
he was very unhappy .
so he got on a new pair of shoes .
when he ran outside with his bookbag and lunch he had missed the bus .
then he hadta go two miles to his school .
and he was late .
so he got a late slip and then returned to class .
one day when Jill and bill were outside playing in the park they were behind a bush .
and they saw an alien spaceship land in the park .
so they creeped down under the bushes .
and Jill grabbed bill's hand and said come on let's go see them .
but bill said no way .
after that there were four alien looking octopuses stepping out of the alien spaceship .
and they even had a weird looking dog .
so Jill went out to say hi .
the people got scared and got back in their spaceship and wouldn't come out .
so she said it's alright I won't hurt you .
neither will my brother bill .
so they came back out .
they said hi I'm Sara Michelle Fred and Jake .
and we've come down to see what earth is really like .
so then Jill and bill went and got their parents so they could meet the aliens too .
but then the aliens disappeared .
they wondered if it was really a dream or just an illusion .