mom came back .
and she had some money .
and then she asked the kids where do they wanna go to eat ?
and both of them scream Mcdonald .
rosie didn't know if she wanted to eat happy meal or Big_Mac .
and Raymond had already know what he wanted to eat .
he wanted to eat cheeseburger and a +...
and his mom know she wanted to eat .
she wanted to eat a salad with a chocolate shake .
they went to the counter .
and Suzie said I want the +...
then Raymond said I want a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and mom said I wanted a salad with a chocolate shake .
and Sally she wanted to get a a happy meal .
then the mom +...
it was twelve dollars and forty two cents .
she was taking out the money from her pocket .
and she left it at home in the kitchen table .
then the question were what did Sally order ?
a kidsmeal .
what did Raymond order ?
and it was a cheeseburger .
and how much was it ?
and it was twelve dollars and forty two cents .
where did they left the money ?
on the table .
and what did they do after they eat at +...
they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
he got up in this morning .
and he screamed loud because he is late for his bus .
then he picked up the the clock .
and he sat it back on the jar .
he was getting some cereal to eat .
but when he was doing it milk went all over the table .
and it was dripping down to the floor .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
then when he was tying it it broke his shoelace .
then he was running trying to catch up to the school bus .
he was running and the bus stopped .
then the teacher was looking at him .
and he had his head up high .
and was tired .
and he walked up the stairs .
they were playing around .
and a spaceship came .
then aliens came off the spaceship .
then the guy said stop .
and the girl was holding his hand .
and she was running running out there .
but the guy didn't wanna because he thought they could see us .
and they could hurt us .
and and then there's an alien inside .
he was waving .
and the alien dog was looking at the bench here .
then there was some white stuff when they stopped .
and the alien had eight legs .
and there was a lot of trees .
and the girl she was going to run up and push the bush around so she can run out there .
and the grass was so green .
and it looked like the dog was looking that way .
and it looked like he doesn't have no nose .
and that is it .