on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother said tonight we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds they said at the same time .
and they got in the car .
and (6.) they went to Mcdonalds .
(5.) when they got there Lisa did not know what to get .
she could not decide between the Big_Mac and the happy meal .
their mother and Raymond knew what to get .
Raymond got a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
his mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa decided what to get .
she got a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and (3.) (6.) I can't remember .
and the clerk behind the counter said that'll be twelve fifty .
then (3.) okay said Lisa .
but their mother didn't have their purse .
it was still on the kitchen counter at home .
on Tuesday morning Alex just woke up at seven thirty .
he was already late to go to school .
and he was sposta get up thirty minutes ago .
he ran into the kitchen poured himself some cereal .
but he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled milk all over the table in the kitchen .
so he didn't eat cereal .
then he got dressed and put his pants and his shirt on .
he put his shoes on .
he tied one of them .
but he couldn't tie the other .
and one of the shoelaces broke .
so he was disappointed .
but he managed to get them back together .
he grabbed his backpack and ran outside .
he tried to catch the school bus .
but it went too fast .
and when he gotta school his teacher was waiting out at the door in the front of the school .
and she looked very disappointed at Alex .
one day while Sarah and mike were having a picnic with their mother and father they decided to play hide-and-seek .
just when Sarah was looking for mike Sarah saw another family .
she was about to ask their younger girl if they could play with her .
mike grabbed Sarah's hand and said no stop stop no .
why shouldn't I said Sarah .
mike replied they look like dangerous aliens .
Sarah replied oh come on there's no such thing as aliens .
so when she was about to go mike grabbed her again .
no no don't go .
but I wanna play with them said Sarah .
I'm not going to let you said mike .
but I really wanna said Sarah .
it was about to let them go .
and mike didn't have a good grip anymore .
and Sarah went .
she talked to the younger girl .
she couldn't understand with them because it was in a different language .
but the little girl came and played anyway .
when it was Sarah's turn to hide it was mike's turn to count .
mike didn't count anymore because he didn't like the younger girl .
he didn't play anymore .
then Sarah came out because it was thirty minutes .
and the little girl still didn't find Sarah .
Sarah went to look for the little girl .
but she was already leaving in her ship .
so Sarah and mike went back to their picnic table with their family .