when Raymond and Lisa got back home then their mom said that they gonna go out to eat tonight .
then her mom asked them where do they wanna go .
then Raymond and Lisa yelled out Mcdonalds .
then when they went there Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and large fries and a milkshake .
and then their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal and a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
and the icecream cone was a chocolate icecream cone .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but then when her mom looked in her purse she forgot the money .
she knew that she left the money at the kitchen counter .
so then the man could write it on a paper .
and then the mom and the two kids could go back and get the money .
one day a little boy woke up .
and then he went downstairs to eat his breakfast .
but then he was looking at the clock .
he forgot to look at his milk if it was spilling .
then he couldn't have in his breakfast .
then he just went to take a shower .
and put on his clothes .
and when he got outside he missed his bus .
so he hadta walk walk .
and then when he gotta school the teacher said that the boy was too late for school .
one day a boy and a girl was walking to a park to have a picnic .
while they were walking they were almost next to the park .
then they saw aliens landing on the park .
and then the girl wanted to go talk to them .
but then the big brother didn't wanna because he was scared of the aliens .
then then they both went .
and then the girl and the boy +...
the girl asked the aliens where did they come from .
and then they talked in alien language .
but then the girl and the boy didn't understand .
so then the aliens they were being scary to them .
but they were scared of the two children .
then the girl and the boy went home running as fast as they could .
then they told the parents that they saw live aliens .
then the mom and dad said nonsense .
then the girl said come come .
we're telling you the truth .
it was scary .
then the family went to see .
then all the aliens were +...
they saw the spaceship .
but then they went back to their planet called alien Alien_Planet .
the end .