um I don't remember .
one day Lisa and Bryan were coming home from school .
and her mother said they can eat out .
and they all yelled Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Jessie she couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Kids_Meal .
so she finally decided .
and she said one happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and her mom wanted just a salad nothing else .
and her brother wanted a burger with fries and a chocolate milkshake or a white milkshake .
and he said it was twenty dollars and fifty cents .
and she went to reach for her pocketbook .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter .
the end .
the boy named Johnathon not john but Johnathon .
he was sleeping .
and his alarm clock came on .
and he tried to get ready .
and he was looking at the clock in the kitchen .
so he accidentally spilled his milk .
and and he tried to get his cereal .
and he was kind of late for the bus .
and he tried to tie his shoe quickly .
but his shoelace broke .
and he got his backpack ready his homework his homework folder his student planner and his math sheet .
and one was four times four equals eight .
and so he went outside .
and the bus was already gone .
so he hadta walk to school .
and his teacher said twenty minutes late .
and he told her about the story .
and said I tried to wake +...
I looked at my alarm clock and wouldn't hear it ring .
and I was looking at it .
and it did and it and +...
I was trying to leave .
so I tried to pour my milk .
and I looked at the time .
and I tried to get my cereal .
and I was kind of late .
and my shoelace broke .
and I tried to get my homework .
and I remembered one thing .
four times four equals eight .
and the school bus .
so I hadta do that last one before .
and I was kind of late because the bus already left .
and I hadta walk .
the end .
one day these aliens came with all sorts of legs .
and the girl and the boy lost their dog .
and the alien kid grabbed its leash .
and it looked really nice .
she said ooh@c a alien dog .
and and her mom said he'll let you keep it .
and she was happy .
and so she went to get it .
and then her brother tried to pull her back because she thought they was only costumes and a fake thing .
so she started rushing .
her brother grabbed her .
but it was really aliens .
and she didn't notice .
so her brother was right .
it was true .
so so she was happy .
and she thought it was her mom and dad because they were gone .
and they had a babysitter .
and they started walking down .
and they had a fun time .
and they went to the park .
and they accidentally saw one .
so they all ran home .
and the bad part was the dog been tooken .
and so they brought the baby for a stroll .
and they took it .
and they ate it .
mom saw everything .
and she was scared .
so the aliens back .
but they didn't really eat it .
they were pretending because they wanna take it .
and so they took it in their spaceships .
and they came back with it .
and it was an alien .
and so her mom took it back .
and put it back .
and and it scared and turned it back into its normal person so it was fun for them .
so they went to the park .
and they called the police .
and they make sure .
they talked to the aliens and they were safe again .
and thanks thanks to the kids that told their parents everything about it .
and I usually say thanks to the power puff girls when I read a story .
and I finish my story .
and I said and it said thanks to the power puff girls .
the end .