okay .
one day Lisa and Raymond +...
six I don't know .
twelve I forget that part .
they went to Mcdonalds with their mother .
three there's some of it I remember .
okay .
one day Lisa and Raymond were at home .
and their mom came home and asked them do you wanna go out to eat tonight ?
and she asked them again where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa wondered if she should get a whoppers or something and a happy meal .
and her mom got a salad .
and Raymond got french fries a vanilla shake and maybe some chicken nuggets maybe or something .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and said to the clerk I'll have a happy meal with a coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and (3.) maybe ninety nine cents .
and then when her mother looked to see if it was there it wasn't .
and she remembered that she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
okay .
one day a boy named john woke up .
he woke up late for school .
so he hadta work fast to get ready for school .
then once he was pouring his milk for his cereal he was so late that he looked up at the clock .
he poured the milk .
and it was spilling .
two after he got his clothes on he was tying his shoes .
and his lace broke .
then once he got outside to wait for the bus the bus was already leaving .
three and he try to get the bus driver's attention .
but she didn't .
then when he gotta school his teacher said that he was late .
and he told the teacher that he had a bad morning .
okay .
one day Josh and Lori went out to the park .
when they got there they played some games .
then they hid +...
they heard something coming from the air .
and they hid behind a bush .
then they saw this ship land at the ground .
and they saw these aliens or octopuses coming out of the ship with a a goofy pet .
three Lori really wanted to meet them and see what they would do .
but but um (3.) Josh didn't wanna .
he thought they would zap them with their laser beam .
but Michelle went over there anyway and said hello .
and then they talked for a while .
and they became friends .