one day a mother asked their daughter where they wanted to go out to eat .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and their mother took them to the closest Mcdonalds .
and they went up to the counter and ordered .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french fries and coke and a vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone with a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then she went to get the money but she had noticed that she left the wallet at home purse .
there .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and one morning he woke up late because his alarm clock broke .
and he accidentally spilled the milk when he went to eat his cereal .
and he broke his shoelace when he went to tie his shoes after he got dressed for school .
and on his way to school he missed the bus .
then he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he gotta school his teacher yelled at him because he was late .
and he hadta sit in timeout during recess .
and his teacher made him do work .
his teacher said don't be late again .
and the next day was better .
and I can't think of anything else .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
they were walking through the woods .
they were gonna go on a picnic .
when they gotta the spot they were about to sit down at the table when a alien space shuttle landed .
and a bunch of aliens got off .
they had a weird dog .
and it looked like a poodle xxx xxx xxx .
and the mother had bunch of purple spots on her head .
and when they went home to tell their parents they said you come .
we saw a bunch of aliens .
and they had a weird dog .
and their parents didn't believe them .
so they took the parents back to their spot .
and there were aliens and a alien dog .
and then they said those aren't aliens .
those are just actors doing a movie .
and then they they said oh .
but the boy was still scared to go over and see them .
but the girl wasn't .
and she dragged the boy over there to the picnic table while they were still doing the movie .
and then the aliens came over and said hi .
and the dog barked at them .
and when they all went back home to get ready for dinner never go back there because they're doing a movie .
and you shouldn't be over there anytime when they're shooting a movie because they hafta shoot it all over again .
the end .