Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mom said we're eating out .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds !
and so when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a burger and a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and I don't remember what his mom ordered .
but Raymond ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind and ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then when it was time to pay for for it their mom went down to get her purse .
and she realized it wasn't there .
she she had accidentally left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy .
and he +...
it was a school day .
and he woke up .
but he woke up late because his alarm clock didn't go off .
and so he tried to +...
so he went downstairs and got his food .
and he poured his milk all over the place .
and he looked at the clock .
and he didn't have very much time .
but he still thought he could do it .
so then he went up to his room .
and he put on his shoes .
but while he was tying his shoes one of the shoelaces broke off .
and so he hadta get a new pair of shoelaces and put them all in and then tie his shoes .
and then he went outside to catch the school bus .
but it had already gone .
and so he ran to catch it .
he gotta school really late .
and the principal was waiting outside .
and she was pointing to her watch .
and it looks like he felt really bad that he had been late .
once there was a brother and a sister .
their names were Catherine and Michael .
and one day they were walking to the park .
and they saw another trail .
and they saw a different trail .
and they walked to see what was at the other end .
when they got there they saw another another little picnic place .
but then they saw an alien ship come .
and they saw aliens getting out .
and Michael was scared .
and he didn't wanna go meet them because he thought they might hurt them or take them back to their home planet .
but Catherine wanted to go .
and so she went .
and so they peeked behind it .
and they saw the aliens .
and the aliens had this weird pet that was really furry .
and they looked at the spaceship .
and it had weird letters and stuff like that that they couldn't understand .
and then the aliens saw them .
and they chased them home .
and then they chased them until they gotta the end of the trail .
and so then they went home .
but they couldn't +...
they went to go to their home .
but they couldn't find their home .
and the aliens had chased them somewhere that was really strange .
and then when they got +...
then they saw a house .
but when they went to the house there was another alien there .
and he chased them to their original home .
and they told their parents .
but the parents didn't believe them .
and they were too tired .
and they didn't wanna go show them where they were .