two children Lisa and Raymond wanted their +...
it was tuesday &*INV:mhm and the mom told them that they're going out to dinner .
and they asked them where would they like to go .
and Lisa and Raymond told them Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she would like a happy meal or a hamburger .
and then her mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
and Lisa ordered +...
and then the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and then when the mom went to go pay for the +...
the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom went to go pay for the food .
she couldn't find her purse .
and she realized that she had left it home .
so then you asked me what should I what would what would be the right answer for the problem .
and I told you that they should go home and get the purse .
and then you asked me questions .
it's about a boy named Jake .
he woke up from school .
and he realized that he slept in too long .
so he hurried up and ran to the breakfast table .
and had fruit_loops and milk .
and then he ran and got dressed .
and put on his shoes .
but his shoelace snapped .
and then when he finally got outside he realized that the school bus had already left .
so he hadta miss the school bus .
and then he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he got there he was late .
and he was disappointed .
and but the next day the day went okay .
the story's about a girl named Samantha and a boy named Jared .
and they went hiking .
and they brought lunches with them .
and they found a nice bench just to sit at .
so they went over to the bench .
and they started eating lunch .
but they saw something in the sky .
and it came down by where they were eating .
and aliens that looked like octopuses came out of it .
four aliens came out and an alien looking dog .
and it came down the spaceship .
and they're carrying luggages and smiling .
and Samantha wanted to go see the aliens and touch them .
but Jarrod said no .
and he tried pulling her back .
but Samantha ran over to the aliens .
and she talked to the aliens .
and they became friends .