the children walked in .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her brother wanted a cheeseburger and large shake vanilla .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she told the clerk that she wanted a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone .
and coke .
the the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom went to get the money out of her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she must have left it on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
this story will be called the very bad day .
one day Shawn woke up and noticed that he was late .
and he started to scream .
and when he made himself breakfast he spilled his milk because he was looking at what time it was .
and he ate his breakfast .
and he hadta tie his shoes .
so he tied it but the lace broke .
so he hadta put on different shoe .
and he came outside .
and the bus left him .
so he hadta walk to school .
and by the time he got there the teacher said that he was late for class .
the end .
this story will be called the unusual thing .
one day Marissa and Troy were walking in the woods and telling jokes to each other and playing .
all of a sudden they saw something strange .
and Marissa wanted to go check .
so she ran over there .
but Troy stopped her and screamed stop .
she stopped and turned around and told him why shouldn't we go check it .
Troy said it was not safe .
then the strange thing opened .
Marissa found out it was a u_f_o .
and Troy started to run .
this time Marissa grabbed Troy .
and something weird started to come out .
Troy was very frightened and he wanted to go home .
but he knew that if he left Marissa that would be the wrong thing to do because leaving somebody was not right .
so he stayed .
the aliens started coming out .
and Marissa wanted to go talk to the aliens and have fun with them just like when she was saying jokes with Troy .
all of a sudden the dog started barking at Marissa and Troy .
and the aliens looked .
Marissa and Troy hid in the bushes as fast as they can .
the aliens started running at them .
but then all of a sudden they didn't know where they were .
so they went back into their u_f_o and took off to another place .
whew said Troy because he did not wanna meet those aliens at all .
Marissa went back home sobbing because she wanted to meet an alien .
the end .