there were two children that came home from school and asked their mother .
and her mother said we're going out to Mcdonalds .
and she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
they made it to Mcdonalds .
when it was their turn at Mcdonalds the little boy knew what he was going to order .
it was a cheeseburger fries a large vanilla shake .
and mommy got a salad .
Lisa got a Big_Mac with a vanilla icecream cone .
and then when he said it would be twelve fifty she realized she forgot her purse at the house at the kitchen table .
David Ann_Thrailkill woke up one morning .
and he realized he was almost late for school .
he he looked at his alarm clock and screamed I'm late for school almost !
anyway .
he shot out of bed and went downstairs to get his breakfast ready .
he had a terrible time .
he made a mess with the milk .
and then when he was all dressed and ready to go to school a problem happened just like when he got his breakfast .
his shoelace snapped .
so he just tied it anyway .
and he was going after the school bus .
but the school bus has already left .
so he hadta walk or run to school .
the principal was waiting outside .
she had a mad face on .
boy was she mad .
and David Ann_Thrailkill learned a lesson that day .
don't sleep in .
you'll be late for school .
once upon a time there were two kids David Ann_Thrailkill and Mallory Elizabeth_Thrailkill .
and so they were racing to the park until they saw something that looked like an alien .
they stopped outrageously and looked .
they were aliens .
they were leaving a ship .
they stopped !
they were frightened !
David Ann_Thrailkill said wait Mallory no !
there were aliens out there .
and the aliens' names were Dalien Kalien and Malien .
and the dog alien's name were Palien .
and in fact they went home .
they went racing outrageously to their house and told their mother and father what had happened at the park .
and the mom said at least did you get to play on the equipment ?
and they said no .
well they said that if they could prove it they would not go to bed without supper .
and so they tried to prove it .
but they couldn't find the aliens .
so they hadta go to bed without supper .
but in the morning they saw the same thing again .
they weren't sure if it was a dream or not .
but this time they proved it .
the end .