one night when it was dinner time Raymond and Julie's mom said we're going out tonight .
where would you like to go ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
when they got there Julie couldn't decide what to eat .
Raymond and her mom already had decided .
when the the manager asked them what would you like to eat Raymond said he would like a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
her mom ordered a salad .
finally Julie decided what to eat .
she asked for a +...
wait there was something I skipped .
can I go back ?
when they got there Julie couldn't decide what to eat .
she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac and a kidsmeal .
when the manager asked what would you like Raymond asked for a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
their mom asked for a salad .
and Julie finally decided .
she wanted a kidsmeal (7.) a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
when the manager said that would be twelve fifty her mother reached for her purse .
and it was gone .
then she remembered she had left it on the counter in the kitchen .
what should she do ?
on sunday Max who was eight years old stayed up until twelve and read .
the next day was a school day .
and then he slept in .
then his alarm clock rang .
he was really surprised .
he thought he had only slept in half the time .
he was so tired and looking at the clock that he overflowed his bowl with milk .
well it was a bad day for Max .
you can tell that from now .
but one of the worst things was that when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then he heard the bus brakes .
he taped it on as fast as he can .
then he tied his shoes and ran out the door .
but the school bus had already gone .
and he was going to get two dollars from his friend if he had gone because he had missed some days and two dollars from the bus driver and his teacher too .
but he missed it .
and he was trying as hard as he could .
well that day he hadta walk to school again .
usually he would have rode his bike .
but the last time he did he hadta walk to school .
his teacher was really mad at him and depressed .
except then when he had told her what he had done the teacher would let him up .
but she said if he had stayed up late again that she would do it .
and that was the same thing his mom said .
and he got punished from his lamp for a week .
for the rest of the time he was more careful to go to bed when he should have .
the end .
aliens from outer space .
one day when Annie and (7.) Matt were walking in the woods they heard a big loud crash .
Annie said whoa@c what was that ?
Matt said I don't really wanna know .
and he grabbed his arm and went xxx .
when they found them they saw aliens .
whoa said Annie aliens from outer space .
Matt tried to run off .
but Annie's grip was too hard .
the first one they saw was an xxx out of the spaceship .
there was a driver in the spaceship waving good bye .
there was a dad a mother a girl and an alien poodle .
whoa@c .
my science project would be cool and yours .
we are twins you know .
but you're a fraidy cat .
you won't go .
Annie let go .
and Matt ran off .
(5.) Annie heard them say let's go to and move in here .
it is a very nice place .
where should we go ?
well of course let's go to the one we are assigned said the father .
neighbors as Matt and Annie at one thirty twenty one one twenty three Downey .
Annie said whoa@c aliens as neighbors .
I can scare Matt with my new friend .
when Matt came back with their mom and dad they couldn't see anything .
Annie was pointing right there .
and they said Annie quit playing jokes with us .
and Matt quit lying .
then the aliens appeared .
and their mother and father and Matt ran off .
the next day they saw a spaceship .
and a little hoverplane .
their mom said what strange new neighbors we have .
I mean look at the shape of their car their dad said .
let us go give them a warming welcome to our neighborhood .
when they did they saw the aliens again .
Annie said let us to the little girl since she opened the door .
hey do you wanna be friends ?
and the little girl said yes .
hey wanna make cookie she said .
sure but first what is your name the alien girl said .
(5.) Matilda .
I like that name said Annie .
then they played together until that next year .
they had grown very much .
and they had a lot of fun .
while they were playing the aliens got a car .
the car was because they hadta go to another planet .
when Matilda told Annie she was really depressed .
but Matilda said don't worry Annie .
we will be back to see you sometime .
we will visit you every month .
Matilda was then really happy .
she said okay .
and then she saw a flash .
and they were gone .
when jack called about this +...
when the family heard what Annie had told them they really relieved .
but then when Annie told them that they were coming every month the whole family fainted except for Annie .
Annie laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed .
the next day they got a phone call .
it was Matilda .
Annie was really surprised .
Matilda said I have some new things that you guys can get .
and guess what ?
we forgot to get our brother .
that is why we hadta leave .
we're moving back in .
and our brother is really afraid .
he is a scaredy-cat said Matilda .
his name is jack .
I saw your brother Matt .
he is a scaredy-cat too .
maybe they would like each other .
and my mom and dad wanna meet you big time .
and he said whoa@c cool .
I wish you were in my class .
Matilda said I am .
I have just started school xxx .
yeah you're in third grade aren't you ?
yep .
hey except I am going to hafta learn your guy's writing .
you already know mine .
maybe you can teach it to the class .
well okay .
and Matt he is my twin .
except he is in a different class .
he flunked once .
he is in second grade .
but my mom said he is going to skip a grade next year .
well see you Matilda .
and then really fast they were back .
well the whole family made friends .
and they were a whole new family .
they stayed for ten million light years .
they figured out what light years were because they were still alive then .
but Matilda was twelve then .
now they are really good friends .
and they are not scaredy cats anymore .
but when they were fifteen they hadta leave because they left their whole family .
and they got their whole family too .
and all of the families had the same amount of people .
and they were very good friends .
when they all died at the same time jack and Annie and all the family was really sad .
then Annie said maybe we will get xxx .
and then their whole family fainted again .
the end .