one day when Raymond and Lisa came home from school their mom said that they're going out for dinner that night .
she asked them where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
when they got into the restaurant Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to get .
Raymond and and their mother already knew what they wanted to get .
I don't remember .
I forgot .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
his mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then she told the clerk what she wanted .
he said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then their mother looked for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Michael .
when his alarm clock went off it wouldn't stop ringing .
so when he got out of bed he finally got his alarm clock off .
then he went down to breakfast .
and he was a little late for breakfast .
when he poured his cereal his milk spilled all over the place .
and when he got dressed when he was tying his shoes one of the shoelaces broke off .
when he finally got ready and he got ready to go to school he went outside .
but he had missed the bus .
when he gotta school he was late .
once two children named ally and jack went to the park .
when they got there a strange automobile came up to the park .
a family of weird looking creatures came out .
there was a dog two two kids a mother and a father .
they looked pretty weird .
ally went to check it out except Jack pulled her and said don't go .
they could be aliens .
they could shoot you with laser guns .
ally said but I wanna go meet them .
maybe they're not aliens .
maybe they're just guys in costumes .
so she went .
when she met the people they sounded like aliens .
and they were even more frightening .
but they were cool .
when she went back home she told her parents about it .
they said that is pretty strange .
I don't believe that very much .
then they went back to the park to prove parents they were right .
the automobile and the aliens looking creatures had gone .
oh well maybe it was a dream Ally said .
but I could have sworn there were aliens over here .