Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both said we wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds her brother Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream .
the clerk said it would twelve ninety five .
when Lisa and Raymond's mother looked for her purse it wasn't there .
do I ask you the questions ?
um what was the boy and girl's name ?
um what did Lisa order ?
what did Raymond order ?
what did their mother order ?
what was the problem in the story ?
um where were they when their mother said we're going to eat out ?
one day a boy a named Sam woke up .
his alarm clock was already ringing .
it said nine thirty .
school started in two minutes .
he rushed downstairs .
he poured his cereal .
he was so nervous he poured his milk .
but it spilled all over .
Sam just said oh it's okay .
it's okay I'll just go quickly so mom won't see it .
then when Sam went to put his shoes on he found out that his shoes were all muddy .
and they stuck to his clothes .
he said oh well I'll fix it at school .
Sam ran .
the bus had just gone .
so Sam hadta walk fifteen blocks to school .
when he got there his teacher was waiting outside for him .
she said Sam why did you take a long time ?
school started thirty minutes ago .
Sam said it's a long story .
one day a girl named Susana and a boy named Jed went to a carousel .
they went on the merry-go-round .
but just then the merry-go-round turned into a space shuttle .
and a mom alien a dad alien and a baby alien came out with a mini giraffe as their pet .
Jed said let's go Emma .
run run run .
they're about to eat us .
but Emma said no their dog's cute .
I wanna pet it .
and I wanna see if I can babysit for the child .
and she pulled Jed to the dog .
the dog snatched it's big long beak at Emma's finger .
as soon as Emma saw the dog about to bite her finger she and Jed ran as fast as they can all the way home .