there were two kids .
and their mother +...
their names were Lisa and Raymond .
and their mother said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
and then they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa is that her name Lisa or is it Liza .
I think it's Lisa .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Kids_Meal .
so they were walking in .
and the mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
finally Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal .
and so they ordered .
the mother ordered a hamburger .
and the boy Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
or all together it costed twelve dollars and fifty fifty cents .
and then when the mom was reaching for her purse to get all the money she realized she'd left her purse at home .
a little boy +...
do I hafta name him give him a name .
okay .
a little boy named Tom got up one morning .
and he he was late for school .
and he he hadta get up .
he poured his breakfast made a mess with the milk .
he looked at the clock .
and it was almost time to go to school .
he got dressed .
then he tried to tie his shoe .
but one of the laces broke .
he hadta go get new laces from one of his other shoes .
and he got out there .
and he missed the school bus .
so he hadta run to school .
and when he got there finally the teacher said Tom you're late for school .
and then he explains that he got up a little late .
he broke his shoelaces hadta get breakfast real fast .
and he missed the bus .
and the teacher wasn't that mad at him .
okay let me think .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
the girl had curly red hair .
and the boy had curly blonde hair .
the boy's name was Ralph .
and the girl's name was Sally .
and one day they were exploring .
and they saw an alien ship land at the park .
when they saw aliens come out of it even an alien dog Sally got excited and started to run .
Ralph tried to hold her back .
but it was no use .
she kept running .
she wanted to take one of these aliens home .
and she wanted to take the dog home with her .
she invited them to come over to their house for a tea party .
and they said yes .
Ralph didn't know if they were friendly or not .
but Sally did .
Sally and the little girl and the little dog played .
the dog's name was fluffy .
the girl's name was alien .
they played in the park .
and Ralph didn't think this was such a good idea .
so he stayed up in a tree .
when he saw how much fun Sally and the others were having he decided to come down .
Sally said to alien this is my younger brother Ralph .
and she said hi .
and she said Ralph this is alien and fluffy .
ruff said fluffy .
but soon the aliens hadta go .
they said bye .
and they left .
but they said they would come back and visit someday .
the end .