um when when .
is it Randy ?
is the boy named Randy ?
when Randy and Lisa came home their mother said today we're going out to eat .
and where do you wanna go to eat out ?
Mcdonalds they all shouted .
and they jumped into the car and rode to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Ryan he ordered a vanilla milkshake with a cheeseburger and fries and a coke .
and Lisa finally made up her mind by getting a happy meal and a chocolate ice cream cone with a coke .
when she told the clerk that he said it was twelve dollars .
except for one problem .
mother reached into her purse and found that it wasn't there .
that she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
once upon a time there was a boy named +...
this goes with this picture .
there was a boy named Allen .
he was sleeping so long that he was late for school .
this is not the picture yet .
he got quickly dressed .
but he missed the bus because he was so slow .
he gotta school very late .
and his teacher told him next time to catch the bus .
in gym he he sat down to tie his shoe .
but one of his shoelaces ripped off .
and he was really having a bad day .
when he came home he decided to put on his pajamas and decided to have a snack like cereal since there was nothing else to eat in the house .
and he worried about the clock about when mom was going to get home .
what would he tell her ?
once upon a time a little girl and a little boy went to the park .
the little girl Sumie saw some purple blue spotted people .
she thought they were might fun to play with .
look at that one holding the dog she said .
that one it looks like maybe I can play with it she said .
but the boy grabbed her .
or the girl grabbed his hand .
and she said come on .
let's go play with the doggy and the little person .
but the boy said I don't know .
they could be from somewhere we don't know .
and quite now the boy was right .
it was a space alien ship that landed down .
it looked like some aliens were moving to this park .
one was a father alien coming out holding stuff .
looks like they were going to move here .
and another was a mother alien who came down with a child .
the child had had a little alien pet dog .
it seemed like that the boy was right .
come on sis he said .
let's get out of here .
I think we might be imagining this .
but I wanna play with the doggy said the little girl .
but it was too late .
the boy had already grabbed her hand and took her all the way home .
since the alien people did not spot them the mother alien said this looks like a good spot to get animals .
so this park is also great for my little child to play with her dog .
and and the boy and the girl ran home .
the girl shouted with relief and said mommy daddy there is new people moving into the park .
they are really cool .
and they have a pet dog and a child almost like my age .
but the boy interrupted the girl's sentence and said she's lying father and mother .
she's lying .
it's at least I saw the whole thing .
the spaceship that they came down from and the father alien and the mother alien and the girl alien and a dog alien .
you better come and see it he said .
but the mother and father did not believe the boy's sentence .
they only believed the girl's sentence .
and they went down to the park .
but the alien people they were not there .
the boy looked around .
their ship had gone up .
it seemed like they had moved back to space since this park didn't look that great at all .
so the mother and father did not even know what the little girl and the little boy were talking about .
the end .