one day Raymond and Lisa's mom came to pick them up in school .
and she said where would you like to go out to dinner .
and Lisa and Bryan said Mcdonalds .
so they got out of the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
Bryan picked the cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake .
the mom picked a salad with a coke .
and finally Lisa decided what she was going to pick .
she picked a cheeseburger with a vanilla icecream cone .
then the clerk said that would be twelve dollars please .
and then the mother looked down .
but she couldn't find her purse .
then she remembered that she had left it at home .
one day john was having a very difficult day .
his alarm clock woke him up too early .
at breakfast time the milk carton broke open and spilled all over the floor .
and he got all wet and hadta change again .
then when he was tying his shoes he was tying it too tight .
his shoelaces broke .
so he hadta go find some new string and put it through .
that made him late for the bus .
he finished tying his shoes just as the bus left the bus stop .
oh well john said .
I guess I'll hafta walk .
so john walked all the way to school .
when he finally reached school the teacher said you're fifteen minutes late .
john told this story of what happened about his difficult day .
one day Jake and Sally were walking in the woods when they heard something landing .
we might be close to an airport said Sally .
and she peeked around the bush .
she didn't see a plane .
she saw a spaceship .
then she saw weird people coming out .
well those must be octopus she said .
and she ran over to see them .
no Jake cried .
and he ran after her .
but he didn't wanna go out in front of those creatures .
but Sally went out .
when she went to talk to them Jake noticed something happening to Sally .
she was turning into one of them .
her skin was turning purple .
she was getting lots more likes .
I've gotta save her Jake thought .
he ran all the way back home .
he called the police .
and he called his mother and father .
and they all ran .
now Sally was a real alien .
and now she was climbing back into the spaceship with the aliens .
before they could reach the spaceship the spaceship took off .
and Sally was gone .
everybody in the whole country got on a spaceship and rocketed right after it .
soon they landed on a planet mars .
they could see Sally because they recognized her clothes .
they ran up to her .
then Jake saw something on the ground .
it was a message .
it said the only way to release the person .
you must bring them back to the land .
you must give us some of your treasure .
so Jake took his own mini spaceship back down .
he collected as much money as he could .
and he got back into his spaceship and rocketed off .
he didn't wanna get close to the aliens .
so he got a long long net and put the money in it .
then he pushed it through the window of the alien's house .
the aliens took it and released Sally .
she came out looking like the alien .
but when he reached her she turned back .
they climbed back in the spaceship and then went back down to earth .