one day when Raymond and Lisa were walking home from school they told their mother they were going out to eat .
and when their mother asked them where they wanted to go Raymond and Lisa shouted Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there their mother ordered a chocolate shake and a Big_Mac .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla shake and a cheeseburger .
and when Lisa finally made up her mind +...
oh I forgot a part .
before they got there she couldn't decide which she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
she decided to get a happy meal and a large coke .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when her mother reached for her purse it was gone .
what should they do ?
at seven o'clock a_m a boy got woken up by his alarm clock .
he knew it was seven a_m .
he went downstairs .
and poured himself a bowl of cereal .
he was so tired that the bowl splashed all over the place .
when it was time to go he +...
then he went upstairs .
and got dressed .
and came down .
when it was time to go he put his shoes on .
and one of the shoelace came untied .
and then when he reached outside and he was walking all a sudden here comes a spickled@n schoolbus running past him .
he starts to run to catch up .
and then when he finally gets to school the teacher said you are just about a half hour late young man !
where have you been ?
then he tells her the story .
the end .
once upon a time there was this girl named Annie and a boy named Andrew .
they were twins .
and one day they were walking in the woods when they came to something very funny they had never seen before .
and when they got there they saw aliens .
they didn't believe their eyes .
but then they looked closer .
and they saw them again .
they were still there .
they weren't just a vision .
when Annie went out to touch them Andrew grabbed her .
and said no wait stop .
you don't know what they are .
they might be planing a a trip to kill us .
and then she said yeah right get real Andrew .
they're probably just a vision .
but Andrew wouldn't let her go .
and then all the sudden Annie got loose .
and grabbed Andrew's hand .
and ran to the aliens and talked to them .
they couldn't believe that they had just had a conversation with an alien .
they were quite nice people .
and they ran home to get their parents .
and said come on come on .
I can prove that our story is real .
please come on .
so they went all the way back to the house .
they went all the way back to where they had gone .
the ship had left .
the ship was still there .
they were still unloading their stuff .
and they had another conversation .
and all the sudden one of the boy's suitcases opened up .
and trapped them all .
and took them into their spaceship .
and from that day on they left any aliens alone they saw because they didn't see any others in outer space .