Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they both chanted out Mcdonalds .
so then they went there .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
um what's that kids name ?
Raymond was it ?
Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a vanilla shake and a shoot I forgot what they ordered to drink +...
well I forgot what he was gonna +...
his mom wanted salad .
and Lisa she said to the clerk and said I'll have a happy meal happy meal with a coke to drink and a chocolate icecream cone .
it all totaled up to twelve fifty .
but they forgot the money at home .
I didn't tell it correct .
I forgot they looked for the purse .
and then it wasn't there .
once there was a kid name Andrew .
he woke up late for bed .
and he felt dizzy because his alarm clock didn't go off .
and then he was distracted at the clock .
when he was pouring his milk he spilled all over .
when he was tying his shoes the shoelace snapped .
and when he went to school he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk there for ten miles .
and mud splashed on him just a bit .
and then when he went to school his teacher told him that he was tardy .
so he got a tardy slip .
and he went to detention for ten hours .
on February nineteenth two thousand and two aliens abducted the planet .
and two kids named Andrew and Michelle saw them .
Michelle wanted to um +...
and they saw their weird alien dog .
and she wanted to go pet him .
but Andrew didn't let her go .
and then they went .
and then they saw another one coming out .
and so then they went home to tell their parents that they saw aliens .
they went back after that .
and the aliens weren't there .
neither was the ship .
and the aliens turned out to be their parents because the aliens already abducted the parents .
so then +...
but it wasn't really aliens .
it was just their parents .
and their sister dressed up like them in a costume just kidding .
that was bad .
hm: .
and then two years later real aliens came and abducted them .