okay .
Lisa and Raymond were at their house .
one day their mom came to them and said what do you guys want for dinner .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond knew knew what he was gonna order .
and their mom knew what they were gonna order .
finally when they got there Lisa knew what she was gonna order .
Raymond ordered &*INV:okay a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and fries .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a coke a chocolate icecream cone and a happy meal .
and then when they were gonna pay their mom forgot the money .
and it was on the counter .
and so then they had a problem and stuff .
once a boy named jack woke up one morning .
and it was past time when he was sposta wake up .
and when he was getting ready for school he spilled his milk on the table .
and then when he was tying his shoes he broke his shoelace .
and so then when he went outside the school bus just left .
and when he gotta school the teacher said jack why are you late ?
and he said because when I woke up this morning it was past time when I was sposta wake up .
I spilled milk on the table .
and my shoelaces broke .
and I missed the bus .
and the teacher said that's okay because he missed the bus and stuff .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then he went inside and did everything .
once there was a boy named Jake and a girl named Michelle .
they were going to the park one day to have a picnic .
and they saw a family of aliens &*INV:mhm and their dog and a spaceship with some kind of writing on the top .
and Michelle wanted to go see who they are and what their names were .
but then Jake said no we shouldn't do that .
we don't know who they are .
and they're strangers .
but Michelle just went on .
and she went over to the dog .
and the dog started barking and bit her .
and so then she ran back .
they went to get their parents .
they all came down .
and the alien family walked over to them to talk to them .
and then they all became friends .
and I don't know .
yeah .
I'm not sure what else I think .