on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and mother said how about going out to eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and she went to the closest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and Raymond got a cheeseburger a french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
xxx xxx xxx .
Lisa made up her mind and xxx a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate cone .
and then the clerk said it'd be twelve ninety seven .
and when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter .
xxx xxx xxx .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
and the boy's name was Raymond .
he woke up this morning .
and he never set his clock .
he's gonna be pretty late probably if he didn't hurry .
but he tried to hurry .
he ran to the kitchen to eat breakfast .
he poured the milk while looking at the clock .
and all the milk spilled and became a whole mess .
he got his clothes on .
and then when he was about to head out of the door his shoe string broke .
so they hadta get it fixed .
he missed the bus while he was running for it .
ran to school .
and the principal told him that he would hafta go back home for being late .
then he went back home and decided to set his alarm .
and the next day he got up really early .
he did everything right .
and he didn't miss the bus .
and went to school on time .
so he got xxx pluses .
and the title was Being_Late_For_School .
the title of the story will be Aliens_From_Mars .
okay once upon a time there were these two teenagers .
they look like teenagers .
and names were Joe and Katie .
and then one day they were walking together .
and while they were walking they saw a flying disk from mars .
and it landed .
and then they ducked .
and then Katie has going out to touch one .
and then Joe grabbed her and screamed no you don't know if they're poisonous or not .
and he then took Joe's arm and pulled him out there .
and then the aliens disappeared .
and then they sent lots of fire down and up .
and it made a a fire xxx .
and Joe and Katie ran .
then they went home to tell their parents about it .
and tell them we can prove that we burned up .
then when they went there it was just like it had always been .
and nothing was disturbed .
and then they weren't trusted again .
okay .
the end .