when the mom brought Lisa and Raymond home from school she said that they're gonna go out to dinner .
and she asked where do they wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and so they go into the car .
and they drive to the closest Mcdonalds .
and when they get there Lisa she's not sure whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal but Raymond and the mom know exactly what they want .
and so Raymond orders first .
and he has a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
and then the mom orders next .
and she says a salad .
and then Lisa she finally figures out what she wants .
and she goes up and says she wants a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a soda .
and then the guy said okay that will be twelve fifty .
and the mom reaches for her purse to pull out the money .
but she realizes it wasn't there .
and it was left on the kitchen counter at home .
and then the story ends .
okay do I have a title ?
okay .
well I'm just going to call it A_Bad_Day .
a boy named Jim he was going to school one day .
and he had a big project due .
he was staying up all night working on the project .
and so he was really tired .
and then so he goes to bed at twelve at night because he was working on a project .
and then he goes to sleep .
and then he wakes up the next day and realizes that he totally overslept .
and he was still tired .
so he looks at his alarm clock .
and it says eight ten .
and he realizes he hasta be on the bus by eight fifteen .
and so first he wakes up .
and he's going to get cereal for breakfast .
and he's really tired .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he pours the milk .
and he kinda holds it there .
and all the milk just flows out of the bowl and onto the table and stuff .
and so he hasta clean that up .
and then eventually he eats breakfast and gets dressed .
and then he's going to put on his shoes .
and then one of the shoelaces broke .
and that just made him more frustrated .
and then so he puts on his backpack .
and he knows he's kinda late .
but he's still gonna try to get to the bus .
and then so he runs outside .
and he sees the school bus pulling away before he has time to get on it .
so then he decides to just try to run to school .
and then he gets there .
and then he sees his teacher .
and his teacher scolds him for being late .
I'm going to call this story Visitors_From_Another_Planet .
okay .
on a planet in the galaxy far away there's a tour service where you can tour other planets .
and there's a family .
and it has a a dad .
and the dad's name is grant .
and it has a mom .
and the mom's name is Linda .
and then they also have a little daughter named +...
what's the daughter's name ?
Allison .
and then they also had a dog named Pablo .
and they decided that since it was spring break they wanted to take a vacation .
and they go to the the tour service information place .
and they decided they want a vacation to earth because it has oxygen just like their old planet so they could breathe .
and so they go to that tour service place .
and they go .
and they go on a flight in a flying saucer .
it takes eight hours .
and the flight was late .
so they gave them the free movie .
and the the flight lands .
and then they step off with all their luggage .
and they have the dog and the whole family .
and the tour service guy who was on the plane with them he waves to them goodbye .
and then there is two two people in the park .
and they are brother and sister .
and they were just walking through the park .
and they were just walking through the park and stuff .
and they saw the strange flying saucer .
and so the brother and sister were named Billie and Allysa .
and well they were walking through the park .
and they see the flying saucer .
so Allysa sees it first and says Billie let's go check it out .
and they go over there .
and then they see the alien family .
and Pablo the dog starts barking .
the daughter gets scared of the aliens .
she gets scared and stuff .
but the mom just says no those are just the human people that live on earth .
and then Billie and Allysa +...
Billie gets really scared .
and he tries to run away .
but Allysa's excited .
and she wants to go talk to them .
and so they do .
and Allysa talks to the family .
and they become friends .
and they exchange addresses .
and then when the alien family's vacation is done they go back .
and Billie and Allysa and them were penpals .
and they live happily ever after .