Lisa and Raymond were home .
and their mother came home .
and she asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said they did .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't make up her mind about what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a Happy_Meal .
and so her mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
so Raymond went up to the sales clerk and asked him if he could have a cheeseburger a soda and xxx and xxx .
mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind to get a happy meal .
and she asked for a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the sales clerk said that the price was gonna be twelve fifty the mother reached for her purse where she left it on the kitchen counter .
and +/.
I can't remember anything more .
Josh was so sleepy one day that he didn't wake up early enough to get ready for school .
so when he finally woke up he saw the alarm clock and got scared that he wasn't gonna make it to school .
so he tried to get some cereal .
but he kept on dropping the milk out of the bowl and overflowing the bowl .
and he kept on looking at the clock .
and then he put on his clothes .
and he tried to put on his shoes but he was so frustrated that he couldn't tie his shoes .
and his shoelaces broke .
and when he finally got outside to catch the school bus he was late for it .
and he hadta try to chase it .
but finally he gotta school .
and he was really late .
and his teacher gave him a late slip and told him that he hadta wait until after the pledges to go to class .
john and Michelle were having a fun time at the park one day when they were playing ball .
their ball flew over Michelle's head .
and it landed over the bushes .
they went to go get the ball .
but when they went over they saw that there was an alien family and a spaceship .
and Michelle wanted to go investigate them and say hello .
but her brother wouldn't let her .
so Michelle finally got away from her brother and went to go say hello .
and when she finally said hello she couldn't understand them .
and they didn't understand her .
so she she just left them behind got her ball and went back to play ball .