once there were two kids .
and their mom told them they were going out to eat .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled at the same time Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and the mom knew what they wanted to eat .
but Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and and so she decided on one .
and they went up to the counter .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger .
their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted french fries and a big vanilla shake .
and then the clerk said it'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and so um I don't know +...
this boy wakes up .
and he looks like he might be late or something .
and he tries to pour his milk .
and he's hurrying so much .
and he's looking at the clock so much that he forgets to look at what he's doing .
and he spills the milk over .
and then he tries to tie his shoe .
and he's so frustrated and trying to hurry up that they break .
and then he he tries to run to school .
he tries to run to the school that the school bus stopped .
but the school bus has already left .
and the teacher is standing outside the class .
and he's late .
and she's telling him that he's late .
a boy and girl probably they were going on a picnic .
and then this thing lands in the grass .
and they don't know what it is .
so they run and go behind a bush .
and then they they peek over the bush .
and there's a family of aliens walking out or octopus aliens .
and then the girl looks like she wants to go out and meet them and stuff .
but the brother doesn't wanna .
he probably thinks it's too dangerous and stuff .
and the girl's trying to go out and meet them .
and the boy's holding on her back .
and the aliens have four people the mom the dad and the little sister and another one on a ship .
and then they have their dog .
and that's it .