when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother told them they're going out to eat .
and she asked them what store they wanna go to .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
her brother ordered a vanilla shake hamburger .
and their mother ordered a salad .
then Lisa made up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
and the clerk said that that was twelve fifty .
when her mother reached out to get her purse she said oh no I forgot it on the counter back home .
one day a boy named Ryan woke up .
and he woke up late because his alarm clock he forgot to set it at night .
and it didn't go off .
and he rushed to get his breakfast .
and since he was almost late for school he rushed through breakfast and spilled milk .
then he broke his shoelace when he was tying his shoes because he didn't wanna be late for the school bus .
and when he was done he left to the bus stop .
and he saw that the bus was leaving .
and he ran after it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and then he finally came to school because he was running .
and his teacher said that he is five minutes late .
there once was a boy and a girl named Daniel and Karina .
and they were going out through the woods so they could pick some berries .
and they heard some sounds over there .
and they were wondering what it is .
so they went behind a bush .
and they were peeking .
and they saw a spaceship just landed there and some strange looking people coming out .
and Karina said those are aliens !
and Daniel didn't believe her .
he said but there's no such thing as aliens .
and she said look for yourself .
and he saw .
and he was afraid .
then the aliens heard them .
and they came over to see what was happening .
and Karina and Daniel were afraid .
so instead of running they tried to tell them what happened .
and the aliens understood .
and the aliens told Karina and Daniel to promise to keep this a secret .
so when they went home they kept it a secret .
and they didn't tell .