one day when Lisa and Raymond come home from somewhere their mom told them they were going out to eat .
she asked where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Raymond ordered something .
I forgot what .
their mom ordered a salad .
but but Lisa she didn't know what to get .
she finally decided that she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
so they said +...
so when they got ready to pay for it the person at the Mcdonalds said that they hadta pay twelve fifty .
but mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
so then that was the end of the story that you told .
Carlos was a clumsy child .
one morning when he got out of bed the alarm went off .
he bonked his head on his little table that was beside his bed .
and after that he had a headache .
after he bonked his head on his stool thing he decided to go make breakfast .
well he tried to make it .
but he spilled the cereal .
and he spilled the milk .
and I'm not sure what happened to the cereal .
he spilled that too .
so after that he got dressed .
nothing happened bad then .
so that was good .
then he went to put on his shoes .
when he was putting them on his shoelace broke .
he wasn't very happy .
so his mom hadta go find him a new shoelace .
so he hadta go to school .
so he ran out the door to catch the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
he hadta run to catch it .
and I don't think he made it .
well when he got at school he walked up the steps .
he was the last person to school .
when he was walking up the stairs the principal was there .
she was asking him why he was late .
he told him about the way his morning was .
and then she allowed him to go inside .
the end .
this story is going to be called The_New_Neighbors .
once there were two people named Kylie and Mitchell .
Kylie and Mitchell went to the same school .
they lived on the same road .
and they were best friends .
well one day they wanted to take a walk in the park .
but soon they were in the middle of the park .
they saw an alien spaceship landing with strange markings on it .
it was maybe twenty feet off the ground .
so they decided to hide and watch what was going to happen .
so then when the spaceship landed they were watching .
Kylie she saw some aliens come out with many legs .
and they were polka dotted .
she wanted to go see them .
but Mitchell said no you can't go see them .
what if they're dangerous .
and so she said you're right .
but let's go find out anyway .
so Kylie Kylie grabbed Mitchell by his hand and dragged him out to say hi .
it turned out that they were very nice .
the alien's little daughter was the same age Kylie and Mitchell were .
so they were friends from then on .
and they lived in the spaceship .
so sometimes Kylie and Mitchell went off onto the spaceship to play with their daughter whose name was Kara .
so Kara and Kylie and Mitchell were all best friends forever and ever until they died .
the end .