once upon a time the mother asked her children let's go out for dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the son ordered french fries a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a french fries chicken nuggets and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then he said that would be twelve dollars fifty cents .
and she says whoops I forgot my wallet .
I forgot the money at home .
so and you said what should they do ?
they should ask the clerk can you hold that stuff while I go back home and get my wallet ?
so after that the clerk says sure .
and then the mom gets her wallet .
she comes back to Mcdonalds .
she says here's the money .
and then that's all .
and the questions were what was the boy's name ?
and I forget .
um the girl's name was Lisa .
and the person who was with them was their mom .
um and they they where did they go for dinner ?
Mcdonalds .
um what what happened in the story ?
they forgot their the mom forgot her wallet .
and you told me to retell the story .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and when he woke up he was late for school .
and he didn't feel that well .
so when he started making breakfast he looked at the clock .
but he kept spilling stuff and making a mess because he was worried he was gonna be late for school .
and when he was on the sidewalk he forgot to tie his shoes .
and after he was trying to tie his other shoe the lace ripped off .
so he got really furious .
and then after when he was waiting at the bus stop right when he got there the bus left .
and he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then finally when he was at school he was late .
and the teacher was disappointed .
one day a boy named Andrew and a girl named Susie went walking to a bench to look at the sunset .
and then they heard a strange mysterious noise going dun@c dun@c dun@c dun@c .
so they took a little peek .
and they saw aliens with a ton of legs .
and Susie said I wanna go say hi to them .
they look friendly .
but Andrew said no don't do it .
they could be evil .
they could just be fooling you because they know we're here .
and then Susie said don't be such a spoilsport .
look that little one's waving to us .
and they have a doggie sort of .
so Andrew said okay but if you're wrong we're gonna be in big trouble .
so they went to the aliens .
the aliens said hi what's your name ?
Susie said my name's Susie .
Andrew said my name's Andrew .
and there was four aliens .
one was tall .
one was short .
and two were little .
so they thought this is kind of fun .
and they said hey you wanna meet again sometime because it's getting late .
they said sure we always meet here .
and then said okay .
same time ?
okay .
so the next day they went back and said where are they ?
and they said to their parents we saw some aliens yesterday .
and their father said that's probably not true because aliens don't really exist .
and then Andrew said maybe they do maybe they don't .
and then Susie said I wish they would come back .
or maybe it was just a dream .