Raymond and Lisa was at school .
and then their mom came to pick them up .
and when they got home the mother asked where do you wanna go eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the mom went to Mcdonalds with the kids .
and the mom ordered a salad .
the Raymond +/.
the boy got a cheeseburger a vanilla shake .
and the girl Lisa she got a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the cashier said that will be twelve dollars .
when the mom went to reach for her purse it wasn't there .
and she realized she left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named jack .
and it was time for school .
he wasn't ready .
and he went to get breakfast .
but he was having a bad day .
he poured the milk all over the table .
then he went to get dressed .
but one of his <> shoelaces snapped .
he headed for the bus .
but the bus left without him .
then he walked to school .
his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
once there was a spaceship .
and it was in the sky when people looked up because they thought it was an airplane .
but only it wasn't landed right like the forest .
and they were aliens coming out of it .
and girl Michelle wanted to say hi .
but her brothers said it was a bad idea .
but she went and did it anyway .
and the aliens didn't know who they were .
so they ran back into the spaceship .
and they went home .
mom asked where do you wanna go to eat ?
and the children both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car .
and mom <> drove to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa wanted a Happy_Meal and a drink .
and her brother wanted a milkshake , a cheeseburger , and french fries .
and mom wanted a salad .
but when they realized how much it cost mom forgot her purse at home .
the boy woke up late this morning and got out of bed and started to get dressed as fast as he can .
and after he got out of bed he went to go eat breakfast fast .
and then after breakfast he got dressed .
and after that he tried to catch up with the school bus .
but it was just leaving .
and he tried .
and he just hadta walk to school .
and then when he showed up at school the principal was showing him that he is late .
once there were two children who went to the park and saw aliens coming out of the ship .
Lisa thought it could be friends .
so she grabbed David and said come on David .
let's go see who they are .
but David didn't wanna go .
he thought it was dangerous .
and one of the monsters was waving .
and Ashley wanted to wave back to one of them .
and and they look like they are going to stay said David .
but but I don't wanna go anyway .
so they ran back to their mom and dad and told them about the aliens who were coming to earth .
they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
tonight .
and the kids yell Mcdonalds .
and she went to Mcdonalds .
and she picked food for dinner .
and and it cost twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and is nothing in her pocket .
she she go in the car drive home and get some money .
and go back to Mcdonalds and pay for it .
she pick a coke vanilla chocolate chicken Burger_King french fries salad .
the boy wake up .
and the bell ring .
and he's got late .
and he hasta eat breakfast so fast .
then he gotta get clothes up tie his shoe .
the pieces broke off .
then he turned to go to the bus .
and he missed it .
and he couldn't go to school .
and <> the boy wants to walk to school .
and the teacher say you are late because he had no much time .
and then he go to class and do his homework .
say he go in late .
don't have much time .
he go to school .
and he go to class .
that's so can name .
it looked like a octopus .
the family went on the ship .
and they go to the park .
and these boys and girls saw it .
and the boys don't like it .
and the girls like it .
maybe the boys don't like it .
and the little girl octopus maybe she had a dog .
and they turn .
they go home or go somewhere out in the woods sit down to eat .
octopus ?
face eyeball mouth ugly .
they say goodbye to them .
smiling happy excited .
no .
boys and girlfriend .
or are they sister ?
the girl grabbed his <> hands .
and the girls like it .
and the boys don't like it .
I guess they like it .
I guess they scared .
and they wanna go tell parents .
bridges dog ship .
I I forgot how it go .
they wanna go out with their mother .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
and then she said okay .
but then suddenly she forgot her purse .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they ordered the food .
and then suddenly her mother about her purse .
and it was left on the kitchen table .
okay the story is called The_Boy_That_Had_Very No_Good_Very_Bad_Day .
the boy woke up .
and he found out the clock was going fast .
and he was late for school .
and the schoolbus would be there any minute .
so then he made breakfast .
but then he looked at the time .
and then the milk spilled .
then he was trying to tie his shoelace .
but then one of the shoelaces broke off .
and then the boy ran to the schoolbus .
but then it just drove away .
then a teacher came out and say you're late for school .
and then the boy was really sad .
okay the story is called The_Aliens_Who_Land_On_The_Planet_Earth .
there is a boy and a girl .
and they are walking around to go to the park .
when suddenly they hide in the bush .
and then the boy saw some aliens coming off the spaceship .
and then the girl walked in .
she said there really are aliens .
they're landing to have a picnic soon .
when they were taking a peek they saw the aliens .
and they were trying to see what was going on .
then the alien dog was barking .
then both of them ran home and told their parents .
and then suddenly they looked back .
and then the spaceship was gone .
do they think it was imagination or what ?
[<] .
before they went on their spaceship and it was gone .
they packed all their things .
and they were full .
they went back home to tell the stories to everybody they know .
on tuesday &*INV:uhhuh Lisa's mom wanted to go out to dinner and asked the children <> what they wanted .
they yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and mom and I forgot his name .
it cost twelve dollars and something cents .
and the mom left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
so they couldn't buy anything .
no .
the boy ordered a cheeseburger <> fries and coke .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with fries and sprite or something .
and the mom ordered I think a Big_Mac .
I don't know .
once a boy named jack was late for <> slept in early .
and he was too tired to pour his milk without looking .
and he too tired to to tie his shoelace .
so it broke .
and when he got ready the schoolbus got back in house and waited for him .
then when he got out the door the schoolbus drove off .
then he walked to school .
and when he got there the principal said you're late .
and he said I know .
I slept in .
once a girl and a boy named jack and Sarah went for a walk in the park .
they had a picnic at a picnic table .
and then after they ate Sarah wanted to go go walk and explore .
when when they were exploring they saw a spaceship .
and the people were coming out of the spaceship .
there was a little alien dog little girl alien a mom alien dad alien and a boy alien coming to live here with some people .
when they saw it Sarah wanted to go and meet meet them .
but [% whispers] I think he was jack .
jack he went and got her because they might be mean .
but he let go of her .
and he just went off .
and they weren't mean .
they were nice .
the boy and the girl they went Mcdonalds .
when they get out of the car the momma went to xxx .
and the momma get them out of school .
and the boy want chocolate milk hamburger .
and then +...
he opened xxx .
and then the girl went xxx hamburger and icecream .
how about the momma ?
<> she got twenty five cents .
the momma lost her purse and left it in the home in the kitchen .
the boy was sleeping .
the clock rang .
and the boy went .
the boy get on the xxx .
the boy was raising milk .
and he +...
it time to go .
the milk spilt on on the floor .
and the boy was pull the tie .
and then the tie rip .
the boy was +...
the bus gone .
and the boy late .
the teacher said that he late .
the boy he very sad .
this one ?
the mom and dad and just xxx had listened to them .
and then boy scared .
and the girl was playing with them .
and then the mom and the dad and this one they were octopus .
and the other mom .
the boy said don't go .
he said wait .
he said they they +...
that the dad went take all the suitcase .
then go <> pick them up .
the dad and the mom and sister and the boy the dog were all xxx to somebody's house .
and then the momma and the other momma said bye .
the girl was at picnic table .
and the dad and the mommy said hi .
and the the mom and the dad and the sister and the dog got everywhere .
and then the boy was yelling .
and the girl was smiling .
she go outside .
the end .
Lisa and Robert came in the door .
and her mother said wanna go out to eat ?
and then her mother said where do you wanna go ?
and Robert and Lisa said Mcdonalds !
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Robert ordered a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a Happy_Meal with a coke and a icecream cone .
and the clerk said <> that will be twelve fifty .
and the mother said I don't have the money .
there once was a boy named Robert .
he woke up .
and he said I'm late .
and then on the next picture he was looking at the clock and not paying attention where he was pouring the milk .
so he poured it into the bowl .
but it all splashed out .
and then he was trying to tie his shoe because he was in a rush before the bus would leave .
and he broke a lace so he was mad and miserable .
and then when he was done tying it the bus left already .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and then Robert came in late .
and the teacher said Robert you're late .
there once was a boy and a girl named Samantha and Danny .
and they're just running around .
and they saw these kind of aliens .
and one one <> was a little girl .
and the little girl had a dog .
and and they all looked aliked [: alike] [* m:+ed] .
and when Danny saw them he was frightened .
because they just got out of the car .
and they were aliens .
so they just started playing tag again .
well there was Lisa , Raymond , and their mother .
and their mother said where do you guys wanna go out to eat ?
and Raymond and Lisa shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide <> what she wanted .
Raymond and the mother remembered .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger , vanilla shake , and some french fries .
the mother ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a <> Happy_Meal , a chocolate shake , and a chocolate icecream cone .
when the mother went to reach for her purse she realized it wasn't there .
and then you asked me what should they do ?
and I said they should go back and get the purse .
then they should go .
and then then they should come back , hop in the car , and drive them back to Mcdonalds and buy the lunch , order it again , make the man write it down , and order it , pick a table and eat .
there was a boy .
can I name the boy ? [+ bch]
there was a boy named Sam .
when Sam woke up one morning he realized that he was late for school .
he hurried up and tried to get breakfast but he spilled the milk all over .
when he tried to <> tie his shoe the lace broke and hit him on the leg .
when he tried to catch the bus <> it was too late .
the bus already left .
so he walked to school .
and the teacher , miss lane , told him that he was not on time .
and he was too late .
but he had told her what happened this morning .
and she felt sorry .
and she said don't be late again .
and she decided not to mark her on the record .
since he told the truth and told her what happened .
the end .
Sara and mark went to the park one day .
when they got there they saw a mysterious <> spaceship .
they thought it was a ride .
but when they saw what had <> came out of the spaceship , Sara thought it was cool .
but mark didn't like it at all .
mark said no please .
don't make me go there .
so she <> grabbed him by his arm and pulled him over .
when she really saw that they were real she realized that there was some kind of weird monsters invading the park .
when they looked at the spaceship they saw a weird sign .
Michelle took a paper out of mark's pocket and a pencil she had saved from schools the other day .
and she wrote down the sign .
it was Sara's <> sign .
the spaceship closed up .
and the aliens had a picnic .
spaceship took off and left .
but Michelle and mark ran to the library to figure out what the sign meant .
they went to the library .
and they they found a book of signs and mysterious writings .
they finally found the signs .
what what she read was Ladge .
she couldn't read it but she knew mark's father knows the language lad .
so she took her library card out .
she borrowed the book .
she went to mark's father's house .
so they went there .
and mark asked do you know what this says ?
his father said yes I do .
he said that it meant something about aliens coming to earth .
and they were gonna invade the earth .
Sara and and mark <> grabbed the book and ran right out the door .
they went back to the park .
and they saw the aliens eating their food and packing .
and they left .
after that they packed up and left in the woods .
Sara and mark followed them .
mark said it was a very bad idea to go follow them .
but Michelle didn't care .
she grabbed him by his wrist again and pulled him through the park that went through the woods and trees and forest .
the little dog looked behind once .
but they hid behind trees .
the dog couldn't see them .
the dog heard it .
but none of the aliens did .
the aliens didn't have ears or noses .
the aliens just took off .
and then went farther into the woods .
mark kept on saying I'm not allowed to go any farther past the bushes .
she said okay .
then then I want you to wait here by the bushes for me real fast .
so she went in and followed them .
and the trail led to a mysterious house made out of sticks , leaves , rocks , any kind of wood , metal , and ice .
the house was mysterious .
Michelle knocked on the door twice .
she felt a cold chill .
mark was worried .
he thought she she had got lost .
so he went and followed her .
he saw her footprints on the ground so he followed them too .
then he saw Michelle .
he screamed Michelle !
don't go in !
Michelle didn't care .
she turned around .
she thought she heard something else besides mark .
she went back .
she turned around and said mark did you hear that ?
he said no .
it sounded like somebody was eating something .
they peaked through the window made out of ice .
they saw the aliens were eating a strange kind of animal .
they thought it was the dog .
but <> then they saw the dog under the table .
they went back in the library once more .
they returned the book .
and they got out a new book with <> strange and mysterious animals .
they found one in it that said anteaters .
it said anteaters .
then when they came back the aliens were done with the anteaters .
and they put the anteaters by the window sill .
mark ran back through the forest to the park and laid down on the ground .
he almost passed out .
Michelle looked inside .
she thought it was cool .
she broke the ice with a rock she found from the house .
she took an anteater home to prove that there were aliens .
and one of the alien's little dots on the testicles fell off onto the anteater .
and she showed the the father .
but their mother was the scientist .
so they showed it to the mother .
and the mother studied it .
and the mother found out that they were really aliens .
so the mother and father went out with mark and and Michelle .
and they went back to the house .
they looked in the window .
they they tried to look for the house but the house was gone !
when they went back to the park the spaceship was gone like nothing had ever happened .
but there was only one sign .
they saw one of the dog's feathers of the tail got chopped off .
I think when they were <> chopping one of the anteaters inside , I think by accident chopped a feather of the dog .
the family picked up the feather .
and give it to the mom .
the mom went and studied it .
and found out that it was an large anteater .
anteater anteater eats alien's testicles .
so when they studied it the mother found out they were really aliens .
and then the mother went back to the park .
they saw a new spaceship they had <> put in the in the park .
they went inside .
it was a ride .
that day mark and Michelle were confused .
they didn't know if it was some people dressed up in costumes playing an act at the park , somebody doing script , or was it for real ?
the end .
okay when the kids got home from school their mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
and their mom said where do you wanna go .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they both jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and then the boy ordered a Big_Mac a french fries and a vanilla frosty .
and then the girl said I don't know what I want yet .
and then she figured it out .
and she she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate frosty .
and the mom wanted a salad .
then the the Mcdonalds man said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the counter .
on a wednesday morning Tommy woke up .
and he got some cereal .
he poured the milk and dropped it all over the counter .
and he looked at the time .
then he got ready .
and he <> was tying his shoe .
and his lace broke .
and after that he went out the door to go to the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
and then he walked to school .
and his teacher said where were you ?
and he said I missed the bus .
and it was a bad day for him .
one sunday morning Tommy and Jamie were walking .
and Tommy said stop .
but the girl didn't wanna .
Jamie she wanted to go .
and it was like a alien island .
<> and all the aliens were getting off a ship .
and then Jamie she wanted to go see the aliens .
but Tommy said no you hafta stop .
so she pulled Tommy with her .
and she was saying come on Tommy .
and then Tommy said no I don't wanna .
and then Jamie decided to go by herself .
and she talked to them .
and they said hello .
and it was a mom a dad that was just getting off .
and they had a little boy .
and they had a dog .
and his name was bobby .
on tuesday they went out to eat to Mcdonalds because their mom asked where they wanna go out to eat .
and they <> yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went in the car and then the children said new what um +...
Raymond knew what he wanted .
but Lisa didn't .
Lisa finally found out what she wanted .
and this is what Raymond wanted .
he wanted a chocolate milkshake with coke with a cheeseburger .
and the mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a kidsmeal with a icecream sundae that was chocolate with a coke .
and then the cashier said it would be twelve ninety five .
but the mom looked for her purse .
but she couldn't find it .
so she remembered where it was .
and it was at home on the counter .
one <> morning a boy well +...
what's his name in the story ?
okay .
Todd woke up .
and he saw he was late for school .
well he woke up late .
and then he went in the kitchen .
and he poured his cereal .
and he was pouring his milk .
he made a big splash .
and he was about to be late for school .
he was tying his shoes .
and the string for his shoelace broke .
then he was out the door and he was .
and the school bus was already going down the road .
then he was late for school .
his teacher told him he was really late for school .
hm:: .
he um I don't know +...
no .
one day +...
could I make up the ? [+ bch]
okay .
one day Jorge and Mariah were looking for an alien .
then <> this little ship landed on the ground .
and then some people came out .
and they weren't ordinary people .
they had more than enough legs .
and they were purple green blue .
and they had a dog that was just like them but it was just blue with a little bit of hair .
and then Mariah was going up there .
but Jorge was scared .
so he was struggling and trying not to go by the aliens .
and then the ship lifted off again .
yeah .
the girl and the boy got home from school .
their mom said what do you want for dinner ?
and the girl and the boy said Mcdonalds .
they took them to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the counter .
and their mom ordered a salad .
the girl <> ordered chocolate icecream cone .
and I think the boy ordered a hamburger .
and then they were gonna pay for it .
but <> they just remembered that they left the purse at home .
he woke up late .
he poured his breakfast .
and he made a mess .
he was tying his shoes .
and his shoelace snapped .
and he was mad because he missed the bus .
and his teacher got mad because he was late .
on tuesday they they asked if they could go Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them .
and (..) and they ordered their food .
and (..) .
they forgot their purse .
0 .
he woke up .
and he ate breakfast .
and he spilled his milk .
and and got dressed .
he was tying his shoes .
his lace snapped .
and when he was going on the bus .
and he was running .
and then he ran to school .
and the teacher was <> mad .
and +...
this girl and a boy were going to the woods to go to the park .
and a ship <> came .
and aliens came out of it .
and the boy was scared .
the girl went over to them .
and she was scared when they ran .
and the girl ran with him .
yeah .
uhuh .
Lisa and Ryan were with their mother .
they said they wanna go out for dinner .
they said they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so the mother got in the car .
and Lisa and Ryan jump jump in the car .
and the mother drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa was deciding what she wants to have .
mother order a salad .
Ryan wanted a a happy meal with a vanilla shake .
Lisa got his happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream .
the worker said it costs twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when mother was getting the purse out she didn't know it was there .
it was still in the kitchen counter at home .
so Lisa and Ryan get back to the car drove home got the purse and went back to Mcdonalds .
he got up when his clock alarm was on .
he had breakfast until it was seven thirty .
he was dressing up .
and when he tied his shoes a lace broke off .
he missed the bus .
but she shouted out to get in .
but he walked to school .
the teacher was pointing to the clock because he was late for school .
: let's see .
what can the kids name ?
Trevor and Jessie .
okay .
Trevor and Jessie were in this park until Jessie hears something and Trevor too .
it was an alien ship .
they were coming to the park , too .
they looked like squids .
Jesse wants to see those .
she was excited .
come on , <> Trevor .
let's look at those little squid aliens .
I don't think so said Trevor .
they had a dog that is furry and weird .
the dad alien squid got luggages .
maybe this was a forest .
but I don't know .
but Jesse was just so anxious to see those .
Trevor wasn't .
they ran home .
they told their parents what happened on this action .
dad said squid aliens ?
we're not .
they're real .
they're in the forest said Jessie .
excuse me .
well you better not look at those again .
I don't know if they're trying to destroy the world said mom .
let's go again to see if if they are doing anything else said said Trevor .
when they went back to the forest they were just camping here .
two weeks ago Michelle and Trevor went back to the forest again to see what the squid alien's doing .
but but their alien ship came back .
they went back in the alien ship and fly back to space .
<> Michelle said Trevor .
look it's going away !
Michelle Michelle hello earth to Michelle !
snap out of it [% makes snapping noise] !
oh said Michelle .
oh what was it ?
the alien ship went back to their own planet said Trevor .
they did said Michelle .
yes said Trevor .
well glad there's not any squid aliens again this kind of forest .
let's go home .
this sunday is just letting us having this kind of nightmare .
Michelle I betcha we not having this kind of nightmare when we go to sleep .
well I guess you are right said Michelle .
yep let's go home said Trevor .
the mom got home .
and they were going to Mcdonalds .
and the two boys knew what they wanted and the girl didn't .
she didn't know what she wanted .
they went went ahead and told what they wanted .
and it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and momma left the money at the house .
and that's the end .
I'm going to call this story Bad_Times .
the boy was waking up one time .
he needed to go and eat breakfast .
he spilled his milk on the floor and on the table .
he went to tie his shoes .
and his lace broke .
and when he was going to get on the bus the bus left him behind .
and he was late at school when he arrived .
Alien_Friends .
there was one boy and one girl .
they were going somewhere .
the alien ship landed on the plane .
and they got off .
and they had eight legs .
and a dog that looked furry .
and that's it .
they went to unload their stuff and take them outside to party and play with the dog .
and the boy didn't wanna do that because he thought the aliens might do something to them .
no .
on tuesday their mother went home from work .
and the mother said <> what do you kids wanna eat ?
and the children say hamburger !
and their mother went to Mcdonalds .
and and the boy want hamburger .
the girl want want icecream cone .
the mother want french fries .
and then when they came back to the table they didn't see the <> hamburger .
at the morning the boy woke up .
the clock rang .
and the boy rushed to eat cereal and tie his shoe so could go to school .
and when he came out the bus went to to the school ready .
but but the boy was too late .
and when the boy went to school his teacher was standing at the stair .
the boy said I sorry I'm late .
one day the the alien went to their spaceship to go to their world .
and they went down .
they come <> out the ship .
and and the the man and the woman was walking in the bush .
and when the woman was running the the man saw the alien .
and the man hold the woman hand .
the alien was carrying the rope with the dog in it .
the old man was screaming .
and he pulled the woman back .
and the alien was saying hello .
and they were so happy that they saw the world .
go to school .
then they mom and they they come back from school .
and <> they mom say <> they go out tonight .
mhm .
and +...
and [% makes whining noises] +...
I don't know .
[>] .
.
and then they jump into the car .
and they go Mcdonalds .
[<] has cheeseburger .
and chocolate icecream and +/.
no chocolate icecream .
that is it .
and vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa Lisa .
mhm .
Lisa order a happy meal .
and Lisa get mm +...
a coke .
and xxx .
the boy is waking up .
he [>] +/.
he's waking up almost .
the bus almost leaving .
and first he need to go to to the kitchen and to breakfast .
breakfast .
and he shoe laces .
he shoe laces is snapped .
[<] .
and he look at the clock again .
he almost late .
mhm .
and he make a big mess at the kitchen table he clean up .
yeah .
he miss the bus .
he late to school .
and he go to the classroom .
and &*INV:mhm and the teacher <> make tardy in the attendance folder .
[<] .
and that's it .
they name is Michelle &*INV:mhm and Daniel .
again .
and that they heard a funny sound .
and that a +...
what what this ? [+ bch]
I don't know what that . [+ bch]
what this one ? [+ bch]
space +...
this thing &*INV:huh what this ? [+ bch]
spaceship .
and the whole family go to the park .
they all aliens .
and they got the brother a dad a mom and a babysitter and a dog .
and <> then Daniel scared .
mhm .
and a dog hear them .
and they run away .
and +/.
and go inside the bushes .
and the dog say nothing .
mhm .
and they put out they picnic .
mhm .
and they got alien's food .
[>] .
that they food xxx .
they got heads &*INV:repeats and arms &*INV:repeats and ten eyeballs &*INV:repeats and and snails &*INV:repeats and and hearts &*INV:repeats and hairs &*INV:repeats and and nose &*INV:repeats and drinks .
drinks .
drinks that if that xxx drink .
no drinks .
that if that xxx xxx they drink they thirsty .
drinks .
and they they toss out the baby toys and the dog toys and the brother toys .
and they they take out they toys .
the baby toys the dog &*INV:mhm toys and the grownup toys outside to play .
and they find +/.
mhm .
wow .
they find a playground almost new .
mhm .
and they swing .
and the dog got a squeaky one .
a squeaky toy .
and and the father put all the food out already .
and +...
and they eat .
they got dog's alien food .
its name's dog's eye dog's hair and dog's heads and dog's feet and dog's tails .
mhm .
for the dogs .
and they got baby baby food .
they got baby hand &*INV:mhm baby hair &*INV:oh_no baby head and baby feet and baby's diapers &=laughs .
yeah .
mhm and baby hair .
and baby diapers .
and and they eat .
then they all finish .
then +/.
then they put all the stuff inside .
and and the toys .
they play a little while .
and they go inside .
then then they they take all the stuff .
then they got in the thing .
and and they wipe all the food and clean the the table .
[<] .
and nobody see the aliens eat there .
and the brother go inside .
the man go inside .
and they mom go inside .
the baby go inside .
and the dog still playing .
and they +/.
uhhuh .
the dog he forgot something .
he go outside .
the dog forgot something and +/.
he squeaky toy and +/.
uhhuh .
[ and he go back in the ship and +/.
and the door close and +/.
then they go into the space .
and they go on the alien world .
and and &*INV:oh_more and and the kids saw it already .
and the kids tell their mom .
and dad .
<> they never believed them .
they got that story again .
they never ever believed them again .
no more .
they went out to eat at Mcdonalds .
the girl ordered a Happy_Meal with a coke , and fries , and a icecream cone .
the boy order a Big_Mac with fries and a chocolate shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
the burger cost twelve dollars .
that's all I can remember .
once there been a boy who woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
then he got his breakfast .
and he spills some of the milk .
then he broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] his shoe .
and so he walked .
and he misses the bus .
so he is late for school .
and the principal says you're late for school again .
and the boy say I never <> do it again .
there was aliens .
once one girl and a boy that went to the park .
and they saw aliens coming out of the spaceship .
and there were alien people .
there was the mom and a dad and a dog and a kid .
and the dad were carrying a suitcase .
and a boy were carrying the dog .
that's it .
can you think of anything else to put in your story ?
mhm .
there's nothing I can think of .
one day &*INV:mhm Lisa's and Raymond's mom called we're going out to eat .
and she said where do you wanna go to eat .
and they screamed out at the same time Mcdonalds .
and they both hoped into the car &*INV:mhm and drive to Mcdonalds .
and they gotta the kitchen counter .
and <> Lisa couldn't <> decide whatted [: what] [* m:+ed] <> she wanted .
mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
then they got out .
and then Raymond ordered a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm a fry &*INV:mhm a vanilla shake .
and then mom ordered .
she wanted a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal &*INV:mhm with a coke &*INV:mhm and a cone with chocolate .
xxx .
and then her mom went all through her purse .
and she noticed it wasn't there .
and she left it on the kitchen counter .
he woke up got downstairs .
he was already downstairs &*INV:mhm because you know xxx downstairs .
he just was already downstairs got out of bed went for cereal got cereal and made a mess .
and then he got ready for school .
and he was tying his shoes and it ripped .
he missed the bus .
xxx .
he gotta school &*INV:mhm late .
these two people were eating lunch .
and then they saw something up in the air .
and when it landed they ran over here .
and then they came down just to visit it looks like .
and this girl wanted to go see .
and he wouldn't let her because they're aliens .
and they thought they were mean .
but they were nice actually .
they wouldn't harm anybody .
but everybody thought they were weird and gross and everything else .
and they really weren't .
they were nice people .
and then they got back on the ship and went back to their planet .
and that was the end .
I forgot .
they wanted go to Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
they they ordered a happy meal .
and icecream .
and a milkshake .
and it all costed a dollar .
and they hadta go back home .
don't know .
a boy was hungry .
he wanted to get some food .
the milk spilled .
he was running .
he was <> trying to catch the bus .
the shoelace broke .
he was late .
nope .
yep .
there were aliens up in the sky .
the ship landeded [: landed] [* m:+ed] .
they came out .
and they scared the kids .
and they were walking there for a picnic .
and they took out the food and ate .
the end .
one day mom said let's eat out out .
and ray and Jane yelled Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Jane couldn't decide what she wanted .
she wanted a Big_Mac or a a happy meal .
I think she decided on a happy meal .
and then the clerk did the order .
and then the mom went to reach for her purse .
it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it at the kitchen counter .
one day Micheal woke up .
and his alarm clock did not go off .
he looked at the clock .
and he was running late .
he spilled his milk because he was looking at the clock because he was late .
and he hadta clean it up .
then when he was tying his shoes his shoelace snapped .
then he hadta walk to school instead of the bus because he was late .
and the bus forgot him .
when he walked up the steps then his teacher said you are a tardy .
the end .
one day we were going to a family picnic .
and then me and my sister little sister wanted to go on a hike .
we went on a hike for about three hours .
then the little sister saw some creepy purple things that looked like octopuses with a space dog .
and she wanted to see what what were they .
so they went over there and said hi .
and then they blasted off .
and then the spaceship people that drive the ship blasted off and left the whole family behind of the monsters .
then she said hi to the monsters .
and then the monsters grabbed her and kept her alive in a jar .
the end .
in the beginning the mom asked if they would like to go out to dinner .
and they said sure .
and she asked where would you like to go ?
Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa or Sarah didn't know she wanted .
but the mother and the <> boy knew what they wanted .
the boy wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
the mom wanted a <> salad .
and then the girl finally made up her mind .
she said I would like a happy meal with fries and then a chocolate icecream .
and then the guy who worked at Mcdonalds said that will be twelve fifty or seventy five .
and then the mother reached for her purse .
it was not there .
that's it .
okay .
so you mean I can make up my own story ?
one day Caleb was getting out of bed bed .
and he forgot how to turn off his alarm .
and it kept going <> off .
and then when he came <> breakfast time when he poured his milk it spilled all over the table .
and when he was getting dressed and tying his shoes his shoelace broke broke .
and then <> he missed the bus .
and then at the end the teacher was pretty upset that Caleb missed school because he's not all the time to school on time .
once upon a time a late September afternoon these two kids were taking a walk to a park .
and they saw xxx spaceship land .
and they saw two aliens .
one was a little girl with a dog .
and one was a mother .
and the second thing they saw come out was the father with all their luggage .
and in the ship waving goodbye was the captain of the spaceship .
and they walked off of the ship and were just standing there .
and the dog was looking at the background where the little girl was looking at the dog .
and the mom was out looking at the trees .
and the dad was looking in front of him .
and the girl said lets go and say hello to them .
but the man said no .
but the girl took his hand hand and went to grabbed it .
and they went to say hi .
and they shook hands .
and then they went into the forest .
and the girl and man said do you have a place to live .
and they said no .
and then they said oh we know where a cave is in the woods .
and so the girl and the man took them to it .
and they said goodbye .
and they never saw them again .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa ?
and what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
and what +/.
what +...
well I think I remembered you said what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
oh .
oh [>] .
oh .
Raymond and Lisa .
I don't know .
they wanted to go to a restaurant .
and the mom said which restaurant ?
and they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so then they went up there .
and Lisa ordered and then the mom .
and then it cost twelve dollars .
well her mom forgot her purse at her house in the kitchen .
and then wait a minute oh I forgot .
Jake woke up .
and he got out of bed .
and he said oh no !
I'm late for school !
he went in the kitchen and made himself some cereal .
and then he made some milk .
and he said oops !
I accidentally spilled the milk .
then he went to get all ready to get his clothes on .
and then he tied his shoes .
on accident he ripped one of his <> shoelaces .
and then he went outside .
he got his backpack .
and he ran outside as quickly .
and he missed the bus .
so then he hadta walk to school .
and then he went up to school .
and then his teacher said you're really late for school .
and that was the end .
one day Jake and Samantha had a picnic .
and then these aliens landed on picnic area .
and as soon as they could they hurdled over the bush .
and then all of the sudden there was these aliens caming [: coming] down .
then one of the alien's names was Jacob .
and he had a dog in his hand .
so they decided to have a picnic .
so then Samantha wanted to go over there .
and Jacob said no no .
they'll destroy you .
and then they had a plan .
then they went over there .
and they said hey this is our picnic area .
do you wanna share it ?
and Samantha and Jacob said sure .
and then they had a happy ending .
the end .
on tuesday mom was at home .
and the children came .
and mom said let's go out to eat tonight .
and the mom said where do you wanna go ?
and the kids said Mcdonalds .
and they got into the <> car and went to Mcdonalds .
Sara didn't know what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom did .
and Raymond wanted a hamburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and then mom wanted a salad .
and then Sara made up her mind .
she wanted a kidsmeal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk <> said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when mom tried to find her purse it wasn't there .
and she didn't have any money .
she had realized she left it on the kitchen counter .
okay the little boys name is David .
well David woke up one morning .
and he felt bad .
he felt like he was sick .
and his alarm clock was broken .
he went to the kitchen to make his breakfast .
but he spilled everywhere .
and he looked at the clock .
he was already late for school .
then he went to go tie his shoes to run to school .
but when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and then he went outside .
and he ran for the bus .
the bus had already left .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and then he got in trouble by the teacher .
well there was a little boy and a little girl .
and they were walking down a park .
and they saw a ship came in .
and the octopuses were coming out of it .
they had a family of octopuses .
and the girl tried to run over there and meet them .
but she couldn't because the boy was holding her back .
they seemed nice but they looked kind of weird .
when the boy and girl got back from school the mother asked what do you wanna have for dinner ?
and they shouted out Mcdonalds .
so they left the house .
and went to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the counter .
and the person who works there said twelve something .
and and their mother didn't have that much money because she realized that it was on the table .
and and the boy wanted a chicken burger with fries , and a vanilla milkshake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and the sister wanted a chocolate icecream .
the boy had slept very late .
and he tried to eat his breakfast .
but the milk carton broke .
and all the milk splashed out .
and then when he was trying to tie his shoe his shoe lace broke off .
and when he tried to get the bus the bus went without him because he was very late .
and then when he ran to school the principal said that he's too late .
one morning me and my friend went to the park .
and we saw a big , huge spaceship in the sky .
it landed right where our favorite tree was .
we saw a little girl with seven legs .
and we saw a mother with seven legs too .
and there are more aliens coming out of the spaceship .
it had fancy writing on the top of the spaceship .
and I wanted to see up close .
and my best friend tried to stop me .
and the dog had lots of hair on it look .
and the woman alien raised up her hand like she was saying hi to me .
and we ran back to the house telling our parents .
and they didn't believe us .
then we brought our family to the park .
but the aliens wasn't there or the spaceship .
and our parents didn't believe us at the first moment .
