mom and her kids were going out to eat .
and she said to her kids where do you wanna go ?
and they all said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the mom said what do you want ?
and Joseph said fries a vanilla shake a cheeseburger .
and and Lucy she finally made up her mind .
she wanted a chocolate icecream cone fries a coke and a cheeseburger .
they all cost twelve I xxx +...
her mom got a salad .
it cost twelve dollars .
but they they left their <> purse on the kitchen counter .
his alarm alarm went off off .
and he woke up .
and he spilled milk .
and he <> looked at the clock .
then his shoe lace broke .
then he was late for the bus .
then he went to his <> grandma's and asked her something .
they went on a walk .
and there was this spaceship that came down .
and three octopuses came down with a dog that had yellow hair and a red collar that was the little girl's dog .
then the girl hide behind the bushes .
the girl wanted to go see them .
but the boy didn't .
[^ (8.)] then they went home .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond <> got home .
their mom said they were going out to dinner .
and then she asked where do you wanna go ?
and then the <> children said Mcdonalds !
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
<> Raymond ordered a a cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla <> milkshake .
their their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream .
it cost twelve dollars and fifty two cents .
their their mom look in the purse .
and then she forgot the money at the kitchen counter at home .
one day this young boy woke up .
and and he went downstairs .
and and he ate breakfast .
and he spilled the milk .
and it took him a long time to clean up the mess .
next he put on his shoes .
one of his shoelaces broke .
he says grrrrr@c !
and how can I tie my shoe with a broken shoelace lace ?
and after when he tied tied his shoes he went to the bus .
and he was late for school .
and when he went to school his teacher said to the boy you are late late .
and he sat at his desk .
one day Annie and Ron were walking in the forest .
when they were walking they saw a space shuttle .
Ron said hide behind the bushes !
when when Annie was watching she saw some eight legged aliens .
she said oh my gosh !
and and she said I wanna meet them .
and then Ron said no no !
if you get near them I think they'll take you away .
and then when the aliens saw Annie's head they said what is that ?
they went over and looked at it .
and the alien said looks like it's someone's hair .
it was really Annie's hair .
and then Ron said duck !
and the aliens couldn't see anything .
then they said whoever that head belongs it looks like girl hair .
and then Ron whispered , come on , !
let's get home !
when they got home they told their mom and dad .
when they gotta the woods they didn't saw the aliens aliens .
but he saw a the spaceship .
so so the aliens went went back all the way to space space .
and then they were never seen or heard again .
they were going to Mcdonald .
and &*INV:okay Raymond wanted a hamburger &*INV:okay and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal .
and she wanted a chocolate milkshake .
and and she wanted a hamburger with a soda .
and then the the man said thirty dollars .
and the mom forgot the money in the kitchen .
no .
he woke up .
and he got late for school .
and then he throwed the milk .
and then he broke his tie shoe .
and he was stopping the bus school .
and he couldn't go .
and then he got on time .
but it was too late .
yeah .
there were octopus .
and they were walking .
and she saw it .
and then she wanted to get one so she could tell the others .
and he said wait .
we can't .
and she tries .
and he says that no way .
I don't wanna get one .
and then she hold his hand and tries to go .
and then he said wait .
okay .
and that's all .
no .
one day on tuesday Lisa and Raymond were at home .
their mother came home .
and their mother said they're gonna go eat out .
their mother asked Lisa and Raymond where do you wanna go eat ?
they both yelled at the same time Mcdonalds .
their mom drove them to Mcdonalds and went to the clerk .
Lisa's asked ohhh@c +...
[>] +/.
Lisa said she doesn't know what to buy a Big_Mac &*INV:mhm or a kidsmeal .
Raymond bought a vanilla milkshake &*INV:okay a cheeseburger &*INV:okay and french fries .
their mom bought salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
[<] told the clerk that she was gonna buy a chocolate icecream cone .
she said she xxx a coke &*INV:okay and a happy meal &*INV:okay like a kidsmeal .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and five cents .
Raymond and Lisa's mom said that she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
and I think that their mom said what should we do .
I'm done right ?
I think so .
one morning Eric woke up and found out that he was late .
he went in the kitchen to make his breakfast .
and he made an accident .
he looked at the clock and saw he was late for school .
he changed his clothes had trouble tying his shoelaces .
and when he went outside he missed the bus to school .
so he walked to school .
his teacher said he was just in time .
and &*INV:okay that's all .
the end .
one day Michael and Jessica were walking through the park .
they saw a u_f_o .
they saw some aliens walking out .
they look like octopus .
Jessica told Michael that she sees human beings with six legs .
and their skin was purple and polka dot .
they had a weird looking dog .
Jessica said that the girl looks so weird .
she looks just like her mother .
and there was another alien octopus walking out .
it was the dad .
Jessica told Michael that the girl's mom is taller than her dad .
Michael got scared of seeing those alien octopus and those freaky looking dog .
so they left the park .
and the u_f_o was still there .
when they went home they told their parents .
their parents didn't believe them .
[>] .
<> Raymond and (8.) Lisa got home from school .
and their mom says we are going to eat out tonight .
so where would you two like to eat ?
and they jumped up .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they ran .
and they jumped into the car .
and they drove there .
and Lisa she couldn't decide which one she wanted between the happy meal and a Big_Mac .
so Raymond went up to the counter .
and he says I want a Big_Mac with a coke and a strawberry milkshake .
then his mom said I want a salad .
and then Lisa then she said oh I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then he says it going to be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then they noticed what her mom forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
and the problem was what mom forgot her purse .
and (7.) I forgot .
he woke up .
and it looks like his alarm clock didn't go off .
and he went downstairs .
he was looking at the clock and the milk went all over the place .
then he he was tying his shoe .
and one of his shoelaces broke .
then he got shoes on .
then he went to catch the bus .
and the bus already left .
and he was trying to catch it .
so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said you are late .
and then the boy hadta stay after school because that's what miss brown makes us do .
well this space station landed .
and they were going to +...
then people got off what were aliens .
and they were waving and everything .
and this girl over here she wanted to go pet the dog <> which is over there .
and they have a dad mom .
and they have a little kid .
they have a dog on a leash .
and then her friend grabbed the the girl .
and the girl she wanted to go .
but she couldn't because they might of had some sort of stuff on them like +...
she would of did something like got sick and something .
so that's the end .
it was only the spaceship and the picnic table and the trees and the boy and the girl and the mom and dad and little brother or sister and the dog .
end of story .
there was once a boy and girl named and Raymond .
their mom asked +...
they were going out to eat .
and their mom asked where should we go ?
both of the children yelled Mcdonalds .
(5.) so they went to Mcdonalds .
the girl couldn't decide whether to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
um (4.) I can't remember much of this part because they ordered so much I don't know .
what did they +...
the girl's mom and brother already knew what they were gonna order .
so they ordered lots of things .
the girl wanted a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said it would all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she remembered that she had left it in the kitchen on the counter .
what should they do ?
there was a boy named frank .
he woke up one morning .
and his alarm clock didn't go off .
he rushed down to the kitchen .
and he he wasn't dressed yet .
he rushed down to the kitchen made cereal but made a mess too .
and then he got dressed .
and his shoelace broke .
he was late for +...
he missed the school bus .
and he was late for school .
his teacher seemed kind of angry when he gotta school .
so I'm not sure xxx I can't think that fast .
there was a girl and a boy .
the girl is named Kathy and the boy was named Jeffrey .
they went walking out in the woods .
and they saw something flying in the air .
first Jeffrey said that it was a airplane .
but then it landed .
it +...
they saw that it was a spaceship .
the door opened and aliens walked out .
there was a child a mother a father and another alien inside .
the child was holding onto a leash .
and the leash was hooked on a little alien thing that was probably a dog to their kind .
Kathy went to walk over there and say hi to them and pet the alien dog .
and she pulled her brother's hand .
and Jeffrey yelled stop .
what should they really do ?
one day Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mother said we're gonna go out to eat tonight .
and then she said where do you want us to go .
<> they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they ran into the car .
Lisa was trying to figure out what she wanted to get either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
when they gotta the counter Raymond told the clerk a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mother wanted a salad .
then Lisa made up her mind and wanted a happy meal with a vanilla cone .
and the total was twelve fifty .
then their mother tried to reach for her purse and realized it wasn't there .
and then what should they do ?
one morning this boy Tom woke up .
and he was late for school .
<> so he went down and went to fix him a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled the milk all over the table .
then when he tried to tie his shoe his string came out of his shoe .
so he put on another pair .
then he went outside to catch the school bus .
but he was too late .
when he gotta school his teacher was very mad at him because he was very late .
one day there was this family at the park .
and they heard this big noise .
they looked up in the air .
and it was just the wind .
they heard it again .
and they looked up in the sky .
and it was a spaceship coming down .
the spaceship opened up .
and four octopuses or aliens came out of the spaceship .
the littlest one had a little spaceship monster .
the parents that were already there they screamed and ran home .
when they got home they realized that they forgot their child .
then they went back to the park and looked for their child .
but their child was gone .
the father said what should we do ?
the mother said I'm not sure .
they both shouted out I want go buy Mcdonalds .
the mother forgot her money .
and +...
the boy wanted a cheeseburger .
the girl wanted a happy meal .
the mother wanted a salad .
and that's all I can remember .
the boy woke up .
and his alarm clock already went off .
then he spilled his milk .
and he was late for the bus .
and the bus ran without him .
and he hadta walk to school .
well it looks like a school .
mhm .
the dad is holding the child from going somewhere .
then these aliens are coming off a ship .
and then they have a funny looking dog .
and that's it .
there's trees around the ship .
and the aliens aren't real .
and they're probably going to see some visitors .
and then this guy over here is waving bye to these guys that are getting off the ship .
no .
I don't remember .
I don't remember .
mhm .
Mcdonalds .
when the mom asked where they wanna go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car and the mom drove them .
then when they gotta Mcdonalds Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted .
and and the sister didn't .
<> so Raymond said I want a happy meal a cheeseburger .
and the mom said salad .
then Raymond yelled a chocolate milkshake .
then the sister said a vanilla icecream cone .
that's all I remember .
when the boy woke up he he put his hand on his head .
then he went in the kitchen .
he he was pouring milk .
and he spilled it .
then when he was tying his shoe his shoestring broke .
he walked to school .
he he was walking to school .
he was waving .
he was trying to get on the school bus .
then the school bus kept on going .
and the teacher said you walked to school .
the kids got out the rocketship .
then then the brother pulled the sister back .
the sister smiled .
the brother put his hand out and opened his mouth .
then one octopus came out with two things a suitcases and some clothes on and a purse and some clothes and some shoes .
then then the other one was holding her child's hand .
then the child was holding a donkey .
then the donkey was looking at the table .
yes .
then the mom put her hand out .
then the dog was right by them .
then the dog kept on looking and didn't stop .
Lisa and oh I forgot the boy's name .
they asked their mom if they can eat out .
and their mom said yeah .
and the mom said where do you wanna eat out ?
they said Mcdonalds .
and they rode in the car .
and then they went to <> the closest Mcdonalds that was close to them .
and then they ordered their food .
and the manager said please could I get twelve dollars .
and then she realized she forgot her purse at home .
and then um ah I forgot .
the title is gonna be bad day .
I know this is gonna be a bad day .
one day Tyler woke up .
and he went into the kitchen .
and he had breakfast .
and he poured <> himself some cereal .
and when he poured the milk in it spilled all over the place .
and when he was getting dressed and was tying his shoes his strap broke .
and he hadta get another strap .
he hadta look for them .
and then he missed the school bus .
and he felt really bad about it .
and then he showed up at school .
they got angry .
the title's gonna be the alien ship .
one day Brittany and Aaron went walking together .
and they were brother and sister .
and they were gonna have lunch together .
but then when they went in the forest they they saw this big huge spaceship coming down .
and they got scared .
so they ran behind the trees .
and these alien people came out .
a mom a a sister a dog and a a dad .
and when they saw the +...
Aaron got scared but Brittany didn't get scared .
she wanted to go say hi to them .
then she felt a little nervous .
then then they went back home and told their mom and dad .
but their mom and dad didn't believe them .
so they tried to take them back to the spot that they were at .
but they couldn't find it .
and the spaceship wasn't there .
so they thought that they left .
but they wondered where it went .
and they thought it went back up to space .
they came home .
and their mother said we're going out to eat .
what do you want ?
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they leaped in the car .
and the mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to have .
but her mother and brother knew what they want .
when they gotta the clerk the brother said that he wanted a Big_Kids_Meal with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother said that she wanted a soda and a salad .
and Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
she said that she want a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
then her mother reached out to get her pocketbook .
the clerk said that it was twelve dollars fifty cents .
the mother reached out to get her pocketbook .
and then it was gone .
it wasn't there .
her her mother realized that she left it at home on the counter .
a boy got up one day .
and his alarm clock gave him a headache .
he got out of bed and went to eat his cereal .
he was pouring the milk into the bowl .
and all the milk spilled over the table .
he went and got dressed .
and when he was tying his one shoe his shoelace broke .
and then when he got it done he <> ran outside and tried catching the school bus .
but it went away .
and he was late for school .
one day there was a girl and a boy .
and they were going to the park .
and they saw aliens come off the ship .
and the girl was pulling the boy over to see the aliens .
the end .
Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mom said we're eating out .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds !
and so when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a burger and a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and I don't remember what his mom ordered .
but Raymond ordered a <> cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind and ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then when it was time to pay for for it their mom went down to get her purse .
and she realized it wasn't there .
she she had accidentally left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy .
and he +...
it was a school day .
and he woke up .
but he woke up late because his alarm clock didn't go off .
and so he tried to +...
so he went downstairs and got his food .
and he poured his milk all over the place .
and he looked at the clock .
and he didn't have very much time .
but he still thought he could do it .
so then he went up to his room .
<> and he put on his shoes .
but while he was tying his shoes one of the shoelaces broke off .
and so he hadta get a new pair of shoelaces and put them all in and then tie his shoes .
and then he went outside to catch the school bus .
but it had already gone .
and so he ran to catch it .
he gotta school really late .
and the principal was waiting outside .
and she was pointing to her watch .
and it looks like he felt really bad that he had been late .
once there was a brother and a sister .
their names were Catherine and Michael .
and one day they were walking to the park .
and they saw another trail .
and they saw a different trail .
and they walked to see what was at the other end .
when they got there they saw another another little picnic place .
but then they saw an alien ship come .
and they saw <> aliens getting out .
and Michael was scared .
and he didn't wanna go meet them because he thought they might hurt them or take them back to their home planet .
but Catherine wanted to go .
and so she went .
and so they peeked behind it .
and they saw the aliens .
and the aliens had this weird pet that was really furry .
and they looked at the spaceship .
and it had weird letters and stuff like that that they couldn't understand .
and then the aliens saw them .
and they chased them home .
and then they chased them until they gotta the end of the trail .
and so then they went home .
but they couldn't +...
they went to go to their home .
but they couldn't find their home .
and the aliens had chased them somewhere that was really strange .
and then when they got +...
then they saw a house .
but when they went to the house there was another alien there .
and he chased them to their original home .
and they told their parents .
but the parents didn't believe them .
and they were too tired .
and they didn't wanna go show them where they were .
one day Lisa and Raymond were at home .
and <> their mother came and told them we're going out to eat .
where where should we go ?
Mcdonalds they both shouted .
Lisa and Raymond jumped in the car .
and they were on their way to Mcdonalds .
then when they got there Raymond and his mother knew what they wanted .
but Lisa couldn't make up her mind rather she have a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then her brother said I would like a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake and coke .
then Lisa finally made up her mind and said I will have a happy meal with a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
the person that sells the Mcdonalds said altogether that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when Raymond's and Lisa's mother reached into the purse it wasn't there .
she had realized that they left it at home on the kitchen counter .
one morning this boy named Dan got up .
he went to go pour his cereal .
but he looked at the clock and realized it was time for him to catch his bus .
but then he was so busy looking at the clock he accidentally spilled his milk all over the kitchen counter .
then when he went in there after he ate his breakfast he went to his room and got ready for school .
then all of a sudden when he was trying to tie his shoe he broke the shoelace .
then he just <> left it alone and then went outside to catch his bus .
but he felt very sad when he saw his bus leave without him .
then he went to the Ms Ms Darkside .
and Ms_darkside was looking at her watch .
and then she looked at Dan <> said Dan you are a quarter past seven late .
once upon a time there was a family of aliens .
they had a little alien dog and a little alien daughter .
one day when they were getting off the plane they were walking past a woods .
the mother said oh goodness would you look how good this place looks .
then they went home and sat down to the table .
but once when the mother looked into the cabinets there was nothing there .
then the dad said oh come on I'm ready to eat .
the mother said well I'm sorry .
<> but there's nothing to eat .
what I find this hard to believe .
then then the sister said oh gracious there is nothing to eat .
the father went and looked and said somebody's been in this house stealing our food .
then the two <> stealers went by the window and peeked in .
the girl said look look .
they now have realized that we stole their stuff .
we have their alien cookies and their butter .
but everything else was thrown away .
after they had left from the window the mama had tried to order some pizza .
but the pizza wouldn't come because when she looked on there the cord was cut and the phone was off .
then she looked terrified .
now we can't even order some pizza .
then the daughter said I know what .
I know who came and took all our food .
then the dog barked woof@c roof@c .
then the dad said do you see something ?
then the dog said wroof@c .
then he say yes .
then they looked over at the window and saw two prisoners .
they were thiefs .
they stole everything .
they cut the telephone wire .
then all of the sudden the the prisoners went into their house .
and they started a great big fight .
then the sister ran and ran .
but then the littlest girl that stole and cut all those things that had went to the alien project and went away with the aliens .
but then she couldn't because the aliens were about to take off .
then they walked on there .
and and then the five armed alien said see you .
then she opened the door and threw her out .
<> but she wasn't hurt .
she said I'm not .
I'm just fine .
that little ugly alien woman must have think she hurt me .
then that's how everything got calm .
and they were able to eat again .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother said tonight we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
[^ (3.)] Mcdonalds they said at the same time .
and they got in the car .
and (6.) they went to Mcdonalds .
(5.) when they got there Lisa did not know what to get .
she could not decide between the Big_Mac and the happy meal .
their mother and Raymond knew what to get .
Raymond got a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
his mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa decided what to get .
she got a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and (3.) (6.) I can't remember .
and the clerk behind the counter said that'll be twelve fifty .
then (3.) okay said Lisa .
but their mother didn't have their purse .
it was still on the kitchen counter at home .
on Tuesday morning Alex just woke up at <> seven thirty .
he was already late to go to school .
and he was sposta get up thirty minutes ago .
he ran into the kitchen poured himself some cereal .
but he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled milk all over the table in the kitchen .
so he didn't eat cereal .
then he got dressed and put his pants and his shirt on .
he put his shoes on .
he tied one of them .
but he couldn't tie the other .
and one of the shoelaces broke .
so he was disappointed .
but he managed to get them back together .
he grabbed his backpack and ran outside .
he tried to catch the school bus .
but it went too fast .
and when he gotta school his teacher was waiting out at the door in the front of the school .
and she looked very disappointed at Alex .
one day while Sarah and mike were having a picnic with their mother and father they decided to play hide-and-seek .
just when Sarah was looking for mike Sarah saw another family .
she was about to ask their younger girl if they could play with her .
mike grabbed Sarah's hand and said no <> stop stop no .
why shouldn't I said Sarah .
mike replied they look like dangerous aliens .
Sarah replied oh come on there's no such thing as aliens .
so when she was about to go mike grabbed her again .
no no don't go .
but I wanna play with them said Sarah .
I'm not going to let you said mike .
but I really wanna said Sarah .
it was about to let them go .
and mike didn't have a <> good grip anymore .
and Sarah went .
she talked to the younger girl .
she couldn't understand with them because it was in a different language .
but the little girl <> came and played anyway .
when it was Sarah's turn to hide it was mike's turn to count .
mike didn't count anymore because he didn't like the younger girl .
he didn't play anymore .
<> then Sarah came out because it was thirty minutes .
and the little girl still didn't find Sarah .
Sarah went to look for the little girl .
but she was already leaving in her ship .
so Sarah and mike went back to their picnic table with their family .
one day Lisa and her brother decided they were gonna eat out .
and the kids +...
she said where do you wanna go .
and the kids yelled Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in their car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a hamburger fries and a vanilla shake .
Lisa +...
their mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa decided what she wanted .
she chose a <> happy meal with a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
when the cash register guy said it was twelve fifty their mother reached down to her purse .
it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
one day Mac woke up when his alarm went off .
he went downstairs to eat breakfast .
but the milk was too heavy .
and he poured it all over the counter .
he was having a really bad day because his shoelace broke .
and the bus was going away .
when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he wasn't on time .
and he felt it .
one day Daniel and Danielle woke up and went to the park .
they saw a flying saucer thing .
when they got there they saw a family coming out .
they looked like a bunch of octopuses .
they had a weird dog and the same clothing as that .
Daniel got scared .
he tried to run away .
but Danielle held his hand .
Danielle said let's go greet them .
and Daniel was older .
and he said no .
Danielle said come on .
so they went to greet them .
and the octopuses talked a different language .
and so did the dog .
it didn't go woof woof .
then why did they have those suitcaseses [: suitcases] [* m:+s] in the same xxx .
maybe they were the same xxx .
maybe they would think xxx xxx .
when they left they left their dog .
and then they came back down .
and and the dog was still there .
they took the dog and suddenly went away .
Daniel and Danielle were <> having a good time at the park .
yeah .
their mom said where you wanna eat out .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and when they ordered their food their mom left her money at home .
his mom told him it's time to get up and brush your teeth and go to school .
and he brushed his teeth and put on his shoes and went to school .
then after the bus picked him up he said to his teacher is school ready .
this girl and boy was gonna go somewhere .
and these three were xxx where are they going ?
but these two didn't know them actually .
but little bit .
and these two wanted to go check it out .
but they think they might get away .
aliens .
a alien ship .
yeah .
they probably might go up the trees .
probably him or her .
or go over here to sit down .
um when when .
is it Randy ?
is the boy named Randy ?
when Randy and Lisa came home their mother said today we're going out to eat .
and where do you wanna go to eat out ?
Mcdonalds they all shouted .
and they jumped into the car and rode to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Ryan he ordered a vanilla milkshake with a cheeseburger and fries and a coke .
and Lisa finally made up her mind by getting a happy meal and a chocolate ice cream cone with a coke .
<> when she told the clerk that he said it was twelve dollars .
except for one problem .
mother reached into her purse and found that it wasn't there .
that she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
once upon a time there was a boy named +...
this goes with this picture .
there was a boy named Allen .
he was sleeping so long that he was late for school .
this is not the picture yet .
he got quickly dressed .
but he missed the bus because he was so slow .
he gotta school very late .
and his teacher told him next time to catch the bus .
in gym he he sat down to tie his shoe .
but one of his shoelaces ripped off .
and he was really having a bad day .
when he came home he decided to put on his pajamas and decided to have a snack like cereal since there was nothing else to eat in the house .
and he worried about the clock about when mom was going to get home .
what would he tell her ?
once upon a time a little girl and a little boy went to the park .
the little girl Sumie saw some purple blue spotted people .
she thought they were might fun to play with .
look at that one holding the dog she said .
that one it looks like maybe I can play with it she said .
but the boy grabbed her .
or the girl grabbed his hand .
and she said come on .
let's go play with the doggy and the little person .
but the boy said I don't know .
they could be from somewhere we don't know .
and quite now the boy was right .
it was a space alien ship that landed down .
it looked like some aliens were moving to this park .
one was a father alien coming out holding stuff .
looks like they were going to move here .
and another was a mother alien who came down with a child .
the child had had a little alien pet dog .
it seemed like that the boy was right .
come on sis he said .
let's get out of here .
I think we might be imagining this .
but I wanna play with the doggy said the little girl .
but it was too late .
the boy had already grabbed her hand and took her <> all the way home .
since the alien people did not spot them the mother alien said this looks like a good spot to get animals .
so this park is also great for my little child to play with her dog .
and and the boy and the girl ran home .
the girl shouted with relief and said mommy daddy there is new people moving into the park .
they are really cool .
and they have a pet dog and a child almost like my age .
but the boy interrupted the girl's sentence and said she's lying father and mother .
she's lying .
it's at least I saw the whole thing .
the spaceship that they came down from and the father alien and the mother alien and the girl alien and a dog alien .
you better come and see it he said .
but the mother and father did not believe the boy's sentence .
they only believed the girl's sentence .
and they went down to the park .
but the alien <> people they were not there .
the boy looked around .
their ship had gone up .
it seemed like they had moved back to space since this park didn't look that great at all .
so the mother and father did not even know what the little girl and the little boy were talking about .
the end .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both said we wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds her brother Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream .
the clerk said it would twelve ninety five .
when Lisa and Raymond's mother looked for her purse it wasn't there .
do I ask you the questions ?
um what was the boy and girl's name ?
um what did Lisa order ?
what did Raymond order ?
what did their mother order ?
what was the problem in the story ?
um where were they when their mother said we're going to eat out ?
one day a boy a named Sam woke up .
his alarm clock was already ringing .
it said nine thirty .
school started in two minutes .
he rushed downstairs .
he poured his cereal .
he was so nervous he poured his milk .
but it spilled all over .
Sam just said oh it's okay .
it's okay I'll just go quickly so mom won't see it .
then when Sam went to put his shoes on he found out that his shoes were all muddy .
and they stuck to his clothes .
he said oh well I'll fix it at school .
Sam ran .
the bus had just gone .
so Sam hadta walk fifteen blocks to school .
when he got there his teacher was waiting outside for him .
she said Sam why did you take a long time ?
school started thirty minutes ago .
Sam said it's a long story .
one day a girl named Susana and a boy named Jed went to a carousel .
they went on the merry-go-round .
but just then the merry-go-round turned into a space shuttle .
and a mom alien a dad alien and a baby alien came out with a mini giraffe as their pet .
Jed said let's go Emma .
run run run .
they're about to eat us .
but Emma said no their dog's cute .
I wanna pet it .
and I wanna see if I can babysit for the child .
and she pulled Jed to the dog .
the dog snatched it's big long beak at Emma's finger .
as soon as Emma saw the dog about to bite her finger she and Jed ran as fast as they can all the way home .
one day a mother asked their daughter where they wanted to go out to eat .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and their mother took them to the closest Mcdonalds .
and they went up to the counter and ordered .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french fries and coke and a vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone with a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then she went to get the money but she had noticed that she left the wallet at home purse .
there .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and one morning he woke up late because his alarm clock broke .
and he accidentally spilled the milk when he went to eat his cereal .
and he broke his shoelace when he went to tie his shoes after he got dressed for school .
and on his way to school he missed the bus .
then he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he gotta school his teacher yelled at him because he was <> late .
and he hadta sit in timeout during recess .
and his teacher made him do work .
his teacher said don't be late again .
and the next day was better .
and I can't think of anything else .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
they were walking through the woods .
they were gonna go on a picnic .
when they gotta the spot they were about to sit down at the table when a alien space shuttle landed .
and a bunch of aliens got off .
they had a weird dog .
and it looked like a poodle xxx xxx xxx .
and the mother had bunch of purple spots on her head .
and when they went home to tell their parents they said you come .
we saw a bunch of aliens .
and they had a weird dog .
and their parents didn't believe them .
so they took the parents back to their spot .
and there were aliens and a alien dog .
and then they said those aren't aliens .
those are just actors doing a movie .
and then they they said oh .
but the boy was still scared to go over and see them .
but the girl wasn't .
and she dragged the boy over there to the picnic table while they were still doing the movie .
and then the aliens came over and said hi .
and the dog barked at them .
and when they all went back home to get ready for dinner never go back there because they're doing a movie .
and you shouldn't be over there anytime when they're shooting a movie because they hafta shoot it all over again .
the end .
the children walked in .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her brother wanted a cheeseburger and large shake vanilla .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she told the clerk that she wanted a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone .
and coke .
the the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom went to get the money out of her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she must have left it on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
this story will be called the very bad day .
one day Shawn woke up and noticed that he was late .
and he started to scream .
and when he made himself breakfast he spilled his milk because he was looking at what time it was .
and he ate his breakfast .
and he hadta tie his shoes .
so he tied it but the lace broke .
so he hadta put on different shoe .
and he came outside .
and the bus left him .
so he hadta walk to school .
and by the time he got there the teacher said that he was late for class .
the end .
this story will be called the unusual thing .
one day Marissa and Troy were walking in the woods and telling jokes to each other and playing .
all of a sudden they saw something strange .
and Marissa wanted to go check .
so she ran over there .
but Troy stopped her and screamed stop .
she stopped and turned around and told him why shouldn't we go check it .
Troy said it was not safe .
then the strange thing opened .
Marissa found out it was a u_f_o .
and Troy started to run .
this time Marissa grabbed Troy .
and something weird started to come out .
Troy was very frightened and he wanted to go home .
but he knew that if he left Marissa that would be the wrong thing to do because leaving somebody was not right .
so he stayed .
the aliens started coming out .
and Marissa wanted to go talk to the aliens and have fun with them just like when she was saying jokes with Troy .
all of a sudden the dog started barking at Marissa and Troy .
and the aliens looked .
Marissa and Troy hid in the bushes as fast as they can .
the aliens started running at them .
but then all of a sudden they didn't know where they were .
so they went back into their u_f_o and took off to another place .
whew said Troy because he did not wanna meet those aliens at all .
Marissa went back home sobbing because she wanted to meet an alien .
the end .
one day <> two kids mother came home and told them I'm going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and they both hoped into the car .
and they went .
and then they told the people what they were gonna eat .
and then the mom didn't have the money .
six the end .
and then you asked me some questions .
one morning a little boy woke up .
and he slept late .
and then he went to the breakfast table .
and he kept staring at the clock .
and he spilled the milk .
and then when he went to go put his shoes on the rope snapped .
and he had a hard time tying it .
and then he ran out .
and he missed the bus .
and he went to school .
and the teacher was outside .
and she said you're late .
and he said I had a hard time this morning .
the end .
one day a boy and a girl were in the park looking for something to do .
and this big spaceship came down .
and these aliens walked out of it .
and the little girl said come on let's go meet them .
and the boy said no we shouldn't .
they could kill us .
and then the aliens saw them .
and then they said hi .
and then they went in and played .
two that's it .
okay .
when Lisa and roman got home from school their mom told them they were going out for dinner .
the mother asked where they wanna go .
they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
roman and their mom knew what they wanted .
roman got a a cheeseburger a vanilla milkshake and french fries .
their mom ordered a salad .
finally Lisa figured out what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a soda and a chocolate ice cream .
&*INV:that's_okay the person at the counter [% giggles] said that will twelve dollars and twenty five cents .
and when their mom went to reach for the money they noticed that they left the wallet in the kitchen at home on the table .
okay .
when a boy woke up one day for school his clock was wrong .
and he was late for school .
so he went downstairs to pour his breakfast .
and there was a leak in the milk .
and it spilled .
then when he went to put on his shoes his shoelace broke .
so he said I'll put on different shoes .
and then when he went out to catch the bus he missed the bus .
and it went without him .
and when he gotta +...
and he hadta walk to school .
when he got there his teacher told him he was late .
and he got in trouble .
um I don't know for this one .
they um I can't think of anything for this one .
[% loud sound in background] +/.
um hm: I don't know .
I can't think of anything .
a boy and a girl hear something outside .
so they go out .
and they look outside .
and there's nothing there .
then they go back in .
and they hear the sound again .
and then they come back out .
and there's a ship landing .
and aliens came out .
and the girl wanted to see .
but the boy didn't .
but the aliens saw them .
so they went under a bush .
and then the aliens got back in their ship and went away or I don't know .
they go home .
and they tell their parents .
and they don't believe them .
the mom said to Lisa and Raymond that they were gonna go out to eat last night .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind of ordering a Big_Mac or a a happy meal .
and Raymond and her mom knew what they wanted .
and they wanted a salad and a cheeseburger .
and Lisa finally made up her mind of ordering a happy meal .
and her mom noticed that she didn't have her purse .
and (30.) xxx .
yeah .
there was a boy who who was having a bad day .
first he got late for school .
then he poured too much milk in .
then his shoelace broke .
and he was late for the school bus .
and his teacher got mad at him for being late .
and (4.) [>] it .
mhm .
once there was Jane and Michael walking through the woods .
and they saw something land on the ground .
when they saw the door open they saw aliens .
they saw an alien dog .
they saw an alien girl .
they saw an alien mother .
and they saw an alien dad carrying <> luggage .
and then they saw another alien saying bye .
Michael was scared .
but Jane thought it was cool .
so Michael ran away .
and Jane stayed .
but then Jane ran too .
mhm .
Lisa and Raymond went home .
when their mother asked them where they wanted to go for dinner they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hopped into the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
at first Lisa couldn't decide between a <> Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and his mom both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a hamburger and a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind to get a Big_Mac .
she told the clerk I want a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate icecream cone cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached for her purse she didn't see it .
she realized that she had left it at home .
what should they do ?
Fred got out of bed .
he wasn't feeling that great .
he got out of bed late .
Fred went into the kitchen poured his milk and spilled it .
when Fred got dressed he tied his shoe .
and his lace ripped in half .
Fred Fred ran outside .
but he had already missed the school bus .
when he came to school his teacher had said that he was late for school .
he didn't have a very good day .
George and Sally decided to go to the usual picnic <> bench that they did to do their homework .
it was wednesday .
but when they got close to the bench they saw a flying saucer .
it landed .
out came <> three aliens and one alien dog .
cool said Sally .
no don't do that said George .
look what a nice place this is to live said the aliens in their alien language .
I think we'll live here .
Sally ran .
but George caught her just in time .
he pulled her all the way home .
they told their parents about this .
but their parents didn't believe them .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home their mother asked them where they wanted to <> go out to eat .
the kids screamed Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
their mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mother asked what they wanted to order .
Raymond and their mother already knew what to order .
and as soon as they gotta the counter Lisa remembered to order .
her mother ordered a salad .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger .
and Lisa ordered a Mcdonalds's happy meal with a soda and a vanilla icecream cone .
and he said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and her mother forgot her purse .
and that's all I can remember .
and her mother forgot her purse .
I I forgot what .
one morning a boy woke up .
he went into the kitchen to get some cereal .
he spilled the milk .
when he was done he went and got dressed .
when he was tying his shoes a lace snapped in half .
after that he went outside .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
when he got into school his teacher said you're late for school .
I'm gonna hafta give you a tardy slip .
okay .
one morning a boy and a girl were playing outside .
a few minutes later a spaceship came full of aliens .
the aliens came outside and and played for a while .
they ran as fast as they could to see the aliens .
and the boy didn't wanna .
but the girl just dragged him there .
and then an hour later the aliens went .
when Lisa and Raymond just got home from school their mother said we're going out to eat today .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mom drove over to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't think whether to order a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
and (2.) Raymond and their mom knew what to order .
three <> so when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa finally made up her mind and said I want a happy meal with coke and (3.) a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother just noticed that she left her purse on the kitchen table .
one time a boy named bill got up in the morning .
and he was hungry .
so he went to get breakfast .
two but he was so clumsy that he spilled milk all over his bowl of cereal .
and he had a lot of trouble tying his shoe because he broke the lace .
and then <> when he was waiting at the bus stop the school bus had had already gone .
and there was the principal was waiting by the door .
and when she noticed that he came in so late she's like you're late for school .
three so he hadta go up into the classroom and tell his teacher why he was so late and hadta get a late slip or whatever they call them .
once there were two kids named bob and uh (4.) Katie .
and they were going out for a picnic when they saw a giant u_f_o fly by .
and there were a bunch of aliens with twenty nine legs walking out .
and their dog that looked like he was an old geezer because he had a big mustache .
three and they were gonna go sit at a picnic table except they were gonna move into the park .
and Katie wanted to go over there with them .
but then bob was like no don't go over there .
it's dangerous .
they might have laser guns and go [% shooting noises] .
but Katie still wanted to go .
so bob kept on pulling her back so they could hide in the bushes .
and then the family of aliens were going like oh what a beautiful day for a life .
the end .
that there was crazy japanese writing on the u_f_o .
one day when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother said that they were going out to eat dinner .
their mother asked where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she was going to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother knew what they were going to order .
Raymond ordered a +...
when the clerk was ready Raymond said that he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
when Lisa finally made her decision she said I want a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
when their mother reached down to get her purse she realized it wasn't there .
she <> realized that she left it on the kitchen counter .
one morning Jim woke up and looked at his clock and said I'm late .
he <> went downstairs to pour himself a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled it all over .
so he looked at the clock again .
and he knew that he was pretty late for school .
so when he tried to get ready his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] broke broke .
so he got really really angry .
when Jim went outside to go catch the bus the <> bus had already left .
so Jim hadta walk ten miles and ten blocks to get to school .
when he gotta school he was exhausted .
when he went in his teacher said Jim you're late .
you are late by two hours .
what happened ?
well this morning I woke up .
and I was late .
my alarm clock didn't go off .
I poured my cereal .
and I missed .
so I made a big mess .
my shoelace snapped .
I missed the bus .
so I hadta walk ten miles and ten blocks .
well then you needta fix that alarm clock .
now hurry up .
you are late for school .
I call this story the alien invasion .
one day in summer a boy named Christopher and a girl named <> Megan went to to the woods to have a picnic .
when they got there Megan got out the picnic basket and said we have bologna and tuna sandwiches with mustard apples oranges some grape juice crackers a mini twinkie and some chips .
when they got done eating they were full .
they couldn't eat another bite .
so Megan and Christopher packed up the things .
when they were ready to leave they heard a loud vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c .
and they tried to go hide behind the bushes as fast as they could .
but Christopher dropped the picnic basket .
when they hide behind the bushes they couldn't believe their eyes .
they saw an alien family .
a little girl a mom a brother an alien dog and a friend named Maria .
when Megan saw this she was in love because she loved aliens .
she said come on Christopher don't be afraid .
we needta go back .
we needta go see these people .
what if they can speak to us .
I don't think they can speak to us .
do you see the alien writing on the ship .
yeah but I can read alien writing .
no you can't .
those were just magazine clippings of what they think is alien writing .
but it really was wrong .
the scientific way of saying we saw these lizards that look like aliens .
so +...
but Christopher and Megan went home .
but the next day Megan tried to go see the aliens .
and they weren't there .
but then when she went out at noon the same thing happened .
a loud vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c came .
and Megan hide behind the bushes .
and Christopher saw her .
so she caught up to him and said no Meagan .
they might hurt us .
no they won't .
and Megan went barging out to the alien family .
and she said hello .
we will not hurt you .
oh but we will [% character voice] .
so Megan tried to go as fast as she can running .
but Christopher wasn't there anymore .
so Megan tried to go home .
but then the next day when she came back Christopher wasn't at home .
he wasn't anywhere .
she called every place .
his parents said he didn't come home .
we thought he stayed with you .
no he didn't .
so Megan went back where she saw the spaceship at first .
and then she saw it .
it was open .
but she couldn't see the alien family .
but then when she went inside she saw Christopher tied up .
he couldn't breath .
so he took the tape off his mouth and the rope .
and he said what happened ?
the aliens <> captured me after you ran .
well we gotta get out of here .
suddenly when they saw the aliens they said we are going to suck your brains out .
and the little one ran as fast as she could and tried to catch them .
she caught Megan .
Megan squealed and kicked the alien in the head .
she finally ran out in <> the woods and got home .
when she got home she said mom dad come here quick quick quick .
and then that is what the same thing Christopher did .
when they went back to the aliens they couldn't find the aliens .
so they went home again .
the next day Megan and Christopher and their parents were going to have a picnic .
but suddenly they heard the vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c sound again .
and that's when they saw the aliens .
and they ran for their lives .
but they didn't make it .
they got hit by the spaceship .
and they went up to mars .
and no one has ever seen them again .
there were two children that came home from school and asked their mother .
and her mother said we're going out to Mcdonalds .
and she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
they made it to Mcdonalds .
when it was their turn at Mcdonalds the little boy knew what he was going to order .
it was a cheeseburger fries a large vanilla shake .
and mommy got a salad .
Lisa got a Big_Mac with a vanilla icecream cone .
and then when he said it would be twelve fifty she realized she forgot her purse at the house at the kitchen table .
David Ann_Thrailkill woke up one morning .
and he realized he was almost late for school .
he he looked at his alarm clock and screamed I'm late for school almost !
anyway .
he shot out of bed and went downstairs to get his breakfast ready .
he had a terrible time .
he made a mess with the milk .
and then when he was all dressed and ready to go to school a problem happened just like when he got his breakfast .
his shoelace snapped .
so he just tied it anyway .
and he was going after the school bus .
but the school bus has already left .
so he hadta walk or run to school .
the principal was waiting outside .
she had a mad face on .
boy was she mad .
and David Ann_Thrailkill learned a lesson that day .
don't sleep in .
you'll be late for school .
once upon a time there were two kids David Ann_Thrailkill and Mallory Elizabeth_Thrailkill .
and so they were racing to the park until they saw something that looked like an alien .
they stopped outrageously and looked .
they were aliens .
they were leaving a ship .
they stopped !
they were frightened !
David Ann_Thrailkill said wait Mallory no !
there were aliens out there .
and the aliens' names were Dalien Kalien and Malien .
and the dog alien's name were Palien .
and in fact they went home .
they went racing outrageously to their house and told their mother and father what had happened at the park .
and the mom said at least did you get to play on the equipment ?
and they said no .
well they said that if they could prove it they would not go to bed without supper .
and so they tried to prove it .
but they couldn't find the aliens .
so they hadta go to bed without supper .
but in the morning they saw the same thing again .
they weren't sure if it was a dream or not .
but this time they proved it .
the end .
one day when Raymond and Lisa were walking home from school they told their mother they were going out to eat .
and when their mother asked them where they wanted to go Raymond and Lisa shouted Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to <> to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there their mother ordered a chocolate shake and a Big_Mac .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla shake and a cheeseburger .
and when Lisa finally made up her mind +...
oh I forgot a part .
before they got there she couldn't decide which she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
she decided to get a happy meal and a large coke .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when her mother reached for her purse it was gone .
what should they do ?
at seven o'clock a_m a boy got woken up by his alarm clock .
he knew it was seven a_m .
he went downstairs .
and poured himself a bowl of cereal .
he was so tired that the bowl splashed all over the place .
when it was time to go he +...
then he went upstairs .
and got dressed .
and came down .
when it was time to go he put his shoes on .
and one of the shoelace came untied .
and then when he reached outside and he was walking all a sudden here comes a spickled@n schoolbus running past him .
he starts to run to catch up .
and then when he finally gets to school the teacher said you are just about a half hour late young man !
where have you been ?
then he tells her the story .
the end .
once upon a time there was this girl named Annie and a boy named Andrew .
they were twins .
and one day they were walking in the woods when they came to something very funny they had never seen before .
and when they got there they saw aliens .
they didn't believe their eyes .
but then they looked closer .
and they saw them again .
they were still there .
they weren't just a vision .
when Annie went out to touch them Andrew grabbed her .
and said no wait stop .
you don't know what they are .
they might be planing a a trip to kill us .
and then she said yeah right get real Andrew .
they're probably just a vision .
but Andrew wouldn't let her go .
and then all the sudden Annie got loose .
and grabbed Andrew's hand .
and ran to the aliens and talked to them .
they couldn't believe that they had just had a conversation with an alien .
they were quite nice people .
and they ran home to get their parents .
and said come on come on .
I can prove that our story is real .
please come on .
so they went all the way back to the house .
<> they went all the way back to where they had gone .
the ship had left .
the ship was still there .
they were still unloading their stuff .
and they had another conversation .
and all the sudden one of the boy's suitcases opened up .
and trapped them all .
and took them into their spaceship .
and from that day on they left any aliens alone they saw because they didn't see any others in outer space .
Lisa and Raymond had got home from school .
and when they gotta the house she told them that they were eating out tonight .
and she asked them where would you like to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they <> got into the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and her mother knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
her mom ordered salad .
Lisa finally decided and told the clerk that she wanted a happy meal .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when Lisa's mother reached for her wallet it wasn't there .
she realized it was on the counter in the kitchen .
Max got up late on monday morning .
and when he went to breakfast he spilled the milk all over the place .
and then he hadta wipe it up .
and he hadta hurry up and get dressed .
and when he was <> tying one of his shoes the string broke .
and so he hadta find another pair of shoes and tie them properly .
and then he hadta put on his backpack .
and he hadta take the school bus because he had missed it .
and when he gotta school he was fifteen minutes late .
one saturday morning when Tom and April woke up they decided to go to the park together .
and when they were at the park they were going to have a picnic at the park .
and when they got there they set down the stuff .
and then they walked around for a little bit .
and then out of the sky they saw this spaceship thing land .
and they saw a man alien a woman alien and a little baby alien with an alien dog .
April wanted to go meet them .
and Tom tried to hold her back because he didn't want her to get in trouble with the aliens .
and then they went back home .
and they told the mom and dad .
and then when they brought them back there the aliens were nowhere to be seen .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond +...
I like forgot the whole story .
.
on tuesday tuesday night Lisa and <> Raymond's mother asked them where do you wanna go out .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and <> drove on it .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted happy meal or Big_Mac .
Raymond and his mother knew exactly what they wanted .
: &=sigh I like forget the rest .
mhm .
and then they were done .
is that right ?
I don't I forget it .
and I can't think it up .
mhm .
and I also remembered the ending part .
<> Lisa got a chocolate icecream cone .
and when they were all done their mother forgot the money at home .
and it was twelve fifty .
and that's all I could remember .
I call it Late_At_School .
once upon a time a kid john woke up very late in the morning .
he went to get some cereal .
and and the milk spilled everywhere on the floor the table and and then the cereal box was well .
then when he was getting on his shoes to go to school the shoelace snapped .
and then he missed the bus for school .
when he gotta school her teacher wondered why he was so late .
then he told her the story .
the end .
one day Daniel and his sister were walking to the park .
and they saw something very strange .
it was a big ship .
the door opened .
and these weird creatures came out .
one was a little kid a mom a dad and a friend and their pet dog .
so Daniel's sister <> ran over <> to look at them .
but but when they got there the creatures have disappeared .
where did they go Daniel's sister asked .
well Daniel thought that they were Martians .
and his sister <> thought that they were just little creatures walking around .
so then <> they were walking away .
then they saw them again .
how how did they do that Daniel's sister asked .
Daniel said I don't know .
so they went home to tell the story <> to their mom and dad .
the end .
(10.) Lisa and Raymond's mom said we're going out for dinner tonight .
she said where do you wanna go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
<> so they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind on what to buy a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but her mom and Raymond already decided .
when they gotta the counter the clerk asked them what they wanted .
the mom said she wanted (15.) uh um +/.
mom said she wanted a hamburger .
and then Raymond went .
he told the clerk that he wanted a large hamburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa went .
she had decided .
she said she wanted a Big_Mac and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fourteen cents .
the mom looked in her purse .
but it wasn't there .
let's see [% said in a barely audible whisper] .
mom looked in her purse and said it wasn't there .
the title of my story is Billy .
one day Billy's alarm clock didn't ring .
and he forgot to wake up .
but when he woke up it was very late .
so he dashed in to get breakfast .
but he spilled all the contents that he was putting in his bowl .
so he hadta clean it up .
but he forgot that he was undressed .
so he went back to his room and started to put on his clothes .
as he put on his shoes one of the laces broke .
and he hadta find another one .
after he found a new one he tied his laces and looked at the clock .
it was almost time for <> his bus to leave .
so he got all his books together and put on his backpack .
he ran all the way to his bus stop .
but as he got there the bus was just leaving .
he tried to run after it .
but it had left .
and he would surely be late for school .
he ran all the way to school .
and when he got the steps the principal was very ashamed .
he said to look at your watch .
and he was <> late .
oh no he thought .
I'll never be late again .
so he went in school .
and he he was never late again .
at least for some time .
aliens .
one day Lilly and Max were playing tag in the forest .
Lilly Lilly went to hide in a bush .
but but then she saw something yellow .
something that had words she could not describe .
they were red and had had dots on them .
when Max came to find her Lilly Lilly jumped with fright .
then Max saw what Lilly was looking at .
they both thought that it was really weird for something so yellow and something just like like a spaceship maybe to land right in the middle of the forest .
Lilly thought it was cool .
so she she almost fell into the grass from the bush .
but Max stopped her .
he said no .
do you know what those are ?
yeah aliens .
then why are you going out there he said .
I wanna meet them .
the aliens seemed friendly .
but when they saw Lilly and Max they turned red and very mad .
Lilly and Max ran all the way home .
when they got there they said to their parents aliens are invading the planet .
their parents didn't believe them .
they just thought it was Pishposh .
so when Lilly and Max went back to the spot they were playing the aliens and the spaceship were gone .
they wondered if it was a dream or if they had just been seeing things .
they they went the next day .
and they played there again .
but they didn't see the aliens or the alien spaceship .
they went out to eat .
and the mother took them to Mcdonalds .
they ordered all their meals which were a salad a Big_Mac with a chocolate milkshake a kidsmeal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk asked for the money .
and the mother reached in her purse .
but she didn't have the money .
she left it on the kitchen counter .
Jake woke up in the morning one day too late .
he he looked at the clock at at breakfast time .
and the milk started <> to spill all over .
and his mom came in and told him to clean it up .
then <> it was time to get dressed .
he <> was tying his shoe .
and the shoelace broke .
and he got really mad .
<> his mothers told him it was time to go to school .
he went out .
and the bus was leaving .
he hadta walk to school .
his feet hurt .
<> and once he gotta school his teachers told him that he was late .
and he would have detention after school .
Jennie and Jeff were walking to to the playground .
they heard some strange language that they had never heard before .
they creeped over to the the bush and looked .
there was a spaceship with with a family of aliens .
Jenn thought that they should find a piece of <> luggage or a piece of spaceship to show as proof .
but Jeffery stopped her and thought that it was a very bad idea .
but but Jenn went on anyways .
she tried to get a piece of spaceship at first .
but somebody almost caught her .
so she went back to the bush .
she tried again at the luggage .
but they hadn't set it down .
so she ran right into the open .
and they saw .
they started chasing after her because she had the proof .
but she dropped it .
and they ran home .
when Raymond and +...
the girl got back from school their mom asked them we're going out to eat tonight .
she said where would you like to eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
I don't know .
they got into the car .
and they +...
.
I remember when they got there but +/.
when they got there the girl didn't know what to eat .
she she couldn't decide a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mother already knew what they were getting .
<> and then finally the girl knew what she was getting a happy meal and a coke and a chocolate cone .
and Raymond was getting a happy meal a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom was getting a salad .
when they got up to the counter their <> mom remembered that she left her purse on the counter at the house .
and +...
a little boy got up from his bed because his alarm came off .
you sposta tell this picture ?
[<] .
he was getting his milk out for his cereal .
but it spilled all over the table .
and he looked surprised .
he tried to tie his shoe .
but his string unsnapped .
he was too late for the bus because it went past him .
and he wasn't ready .
his teacher said you're late for school .
[>] .
a little girl and a little boy went to go out to play .
and they saw the spaceship and weird kind of people .
the little girl went +...
she was gonna go over there and see the the strange looking animals .
and the boy said wait stop .
I don't wanna go over there .
and she said I I wanna go see what they look like and what they are .
she ran over there .
and she says hello .
and they say hello back .
and boy said I'm not going near there .
those people are strangers .
and she said they kind of look like aliens .
but they look happy .
so they ran back home .
and they told their mom and dad .
but they didn't believe them .
they saw something out the window .
and they came to see .
and their father walked over there and and shook one of their hands .
and and they started to be friends .
the end .
on tuesday night xxx xxx we're going out to eat .
she said where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond (3.) both said Mcdonalds .
on the way there Lisa couldn't decide what <> she wanted to eat .
their mom and Raymond both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa decided what she wanted to order .
she said (4.) a happy meal and coke and vanilla icecream .
Raymond ordered cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla shake .
and I forgot what the mom ordered .
when he added it all up he had twelve dollars and I forgot how much cents .
and when their mom checked it wasn't there .
<> she had realized that she forgot it at home .
fifteen once upon a time there was a boy .
and he woke up .
and his alarm clock rang rang really really loud .
and he got a headache .
and then it was time for breakfast .
he spilled milk and made a big mess everywhere .
when he tied his shoes he pulled too hard .
and the lace broke .
and when he got outside the bus already left .
and when he gotta school he was really late .
and he got a late slip .
nine once was two kids .
and they were playing in their backyard .
and they saw in the neighbor's yard that aliens were coming out of a spaceship .
two and went into the person's house .
and so they went to the next door neighbor's backyard to see what was going on .
and as soon as they got there they found out that the next door neighbors were aliens .
five and they ran all the way back home .
two children Lisa and Raymond wanted their <> +...
it was tuesday &*INV:mhm and the mom told them that they're going out to dinner .
and they asked them where would they like to go .
and Lisa and Raymond told them Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she would like a happy meal or a hamburger .
and then her mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
and Lisa ordered +...
and then the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and then when the mom went to go pay for the +...
the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom went to go pay for the food .
she couldn't find her purse .
and she realized that she had left it home .
so then you asked me what should I what would what would be the right answer for the problem .
and I told you that they should go home and get the purse .
and then you asked me questions .
it's about a boy named Jake .
[<] he woke up from school .
and he realized that he slept in too long .
so he hurried up and ran to the breakfast table .
and had fruit_loops and milk .
and then he ran and got dressed .
and put on his shoes .
but his shoelace snapped .
and then when he finally got outside he realized that the school bus had already left .
so he hadta miss the school bus .
and then he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he got there he was late .
and he was disappointed .
and <> but the next day the day went okay .
the story's about a girl named Samantha and a boy named Jared .
and they went hiking .
and they brought lunches with them .
and they found a nice bench just to sit at .
so they went over to the bench .
and they started eating lunch .
but they saw something in the sky .
and it came down by where they were eating .
and aliens that looked like octopuses came out of it .
four aliens came out and an alien looking dog .
and it came down the spaceship .
and they're carrying luggages and smiling .
and Samantha wanted to go see the aliens and touch them .
but Jarrod said no .
and he tried pulling her back .
but Samantha ran over to the aliens .
and she talked to the aliens .
and they became friends .
when Lisa and Raymond got back from school their mom asked them we're going out to dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
and both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a hamburger happy meal .
and Raymond and their mom <> knew what they wanted .
their mom wanted a salad .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a chocolate shake .
and finally when Lisa made up her mind she said she wanted a chocolate icecream cone and a chocolate shake .
and when her mom +...
and the man said all of this would be twelve fifty .
and when their mom reached for her purse she couldn't find it .
it wasn't there .
she forgot it on the kitchen table at their house .
well I think it looks like it's about a boy who is having a bad day .
uh what should I call him ?
I'll call him Joe .
when Joe woke up the alarm didn't go off .
the alarm didn't go off .
and it was eight .
and you hafta get to school at eight twenty .
Joe spilled his milk when he was pouring it .
his shoelace broke when he was tying his shoe .
he missed the bus .
when he gotta the bus stop he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late .
okay one day mike and Samantha were in the park .
and they saw something coming down .
they went behind a bush .
and when it landed it looked like a u_f_o .
and strange things came out .
aliens came out of the ship .
and they had a really funny looking dog .
and they kind of looked like octopuses .
and they looked at them .
and they they came over .
well Joe was scared that Samantha wanted to <> go over .
when they went over the aliens got scared and went back in their spaceship .
then they went back .
and they came out again .
and then they went home and told their parents that there were aliens here .
and they said this is pretty hard to believe .
and they went over and again there .
and they couldn't find them .
they didn't find any proof .
and they weren't sure if their experience was real or just a dream .
xxx xxx .
one day when Raymond and Lisa came home from school their mom said that they're going out for dinner that night .
<> she asked them where they wanted to go .
<> Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
when they got into the restaurant Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to get .
Raymond and and their mother already knew what they wanted to get .
[^ unintelligible whispering] I don't remember .
I forgot .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
his mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then she told the clerk what she wanted .
he said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then their mother looked for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Michael .
when his alarm clock went off it wouldn't stop ringing .
so when he got out of bed he finally got his alarm clock off .
then he went down to breakfast .
and he was a little late for breakfast .
when he poured his cereal his milk spilled all over the place .
and when he got dressed when he was tying his shoes one of the shoelaces broke off .
when he finally got ready and he got ready to go to school he went outside .
but he had missed the bus .
when he gotta school he was late .
once two children named ally and jack went to the park .
when they got there a strange automobile came up to the park .
a family of weird looking creatures came out .
there was a dog two two kids a mother and a father .
they looked pretty weird .
ally went to check it out except Jack pulled her and said don't go .
they could be aliens .
they could shoot you with laser guns .
ally said but I wanna go meet them .
maybe they're not aliens .
maybe they're just guys in costumes .
so she went .
when she met the people they sounded like aliens .
and they were even more frightening .
but they were cool .
when she went back home she told her parents about it .
they said that is pretty strange .
I don't believe that very much .
then they went back to the park to <> prove parents they were right .
the automobile and the aliens looking creatures had gone .
oh well maybe it was a dream Ally said .
but I could have sworn there were aliens over here .
Lisa she didn't decide what she wanted the happy meal or the Big_Mac .
and then she made up her mind and got the happy meal .
and she got a vanilla icecream .
and their mom had had and salad .
and their brother had +...
uh I don't remember that part .
and it had cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mother reach into her purse she remembered that she left her money on the kitchen counter at the house .
one day a little boy had woke up .
he went to go make breakfast .
but it was time to go to school .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoestring had broken .
and then he had tied his shoe and fixed it .
then he was outside .
then his bus <> had left him .
and then he hadta walk .
and then he was just yelling stop stop .
and then his teacher +...
he had walk to school .
and then his teacher was was outside standing for him at the school .
once upon a time there was two kids that was walking in the park .
and there was three aliens that got off they ship .
they had a pet dog .
and they had a daughter .
they had a mom .
and they had a dad with a lot of briefcases in his hand .
he hadta carry them all the way to they house .
and when they reached their house they took their dog for a walk in the park .
and <> those two kids the girl she wanted to see the aliens .
and the boy said no that's not a good idea .
and the boy was scared of aliens .
and the other alien that's in the ship was waving bye to his family because they had moved in the city where the people was at .
and they had a pet dog .
he was little and hairy .
and the girl had clothes on .
she had a top and a skirt .
the aliens they had legs that's like <> octopus's .
and the dad he had on pants that had eight pants legs .
he had on jacket .
he had on a shirt .
and he had on a belt .
the mom had on a skirt with a shirt with a little bitty line across it and that was white .
the ship was finish take off .
and then they was walking off the ship .
and their dad was the last person to get off .
they dad was fat .
and he had two blue cases a red one that had a sleeping bag .
and he had his wife purse .
their mom ate a salad .
and the little boy ordered some french fries and some nuggets .
and and the little girl wanted a snowcone .
and I forgot .
then boy got up .
he spilled the milk .
then his shoe came loose .
and it went through his pants .
and the bus left without him .
and he walked past a lady with grey hair .
I'm finished .
there was two people .
and there was a big spaceship .
and smoke was coming out of it .
and the four aliens came out .
they had clothes on .
and their dad had a purse xxx xxx and a dog that has a lot of hair .
and that little girl wanted to go see .
and there she had xxx and this table .
and here's some trees .
finished .
um I don't remember .
one day Lisa and Bryan were coming home from school .
and her mother said they can eat out .
and they all yelled Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Jessie she couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Kids_Meal .
so she finally decided .
and she said one happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and her mom wanted just a salad nothing else .
and <> her brother wanted a burger with fries and a chocolate milkshake or a white milkshake .
and he said it was <> twenty dollars and fifty cents .
and she went to reach for her pocketbook .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter .
the end .
the boy named <> Johnathon not john but Johnathon .
he was sleeping .
and his alarm clock came on .
and he tried to get ready .
and he was looking at the clock in the kitchen .
so he accidentally spilled his milk .
and and he tried to get his cereal .
and he was kind of late for the bus .
and he tried to tie his shoe quickly .
but his shoelace broke .
and <> he got his backpack ready his homework his homework folder his student planner and his math sheet .
and one was four times four equals eight .
and so he went outside .
and the bus was already gone .
so he hadta walk to school .
and his teacher said twenty minutes late .
and he told her about the story .
and said I tried to wake +...
I looked at my alarm clock and wouldn't hear it ring .
and I was looking at it .
and it did and it and +...
I was trying to leave .
so I tried to pour my milk .
and I looked at the time .
and I tried to get my cereal .
and I was kind of late .
and my shoelace broke .
and I tried to get my homework .
and I remembered one thing .
four times four equals eight .
and the school bus .
so I hadta do that last one before .
and I was kind of late because the bus already left .
and I hadta walk .
the end .
one day these aliens came with all sorts of legs .
and the girl and the boy lost their dog .
and the alien kid grabbed its leash .
and it looked really nice .
she said ooh@c a alien dog .
and and her mom said he'll let you keep it .
and she was happy .
and so she went to get it .
and then her brother tried to pull her back because she thought they was only costumes and a fake thing .
so she started rushing .
her brother grabbed her .
but it was really aliens .
and she didn't notice .
so her brother was right .
it was true .
so so she was happy .
and she thought it was her mom and dad because they were gone .
and they had a babysitter .
and they started walking down .
and they had a fun time .
and they went to the park .
and they accidentally saw one .
so they all ran home .
and the bad part was the dog been tooken [: taken] .
and so they brought the baby for a stroll .
and they took it .
and they ate it .
mom saw everything .
and she was scared .
so the aliens back .
but they didn't really eat it .
they were pretending because they wanna take it .
and so they took it in their spaceships .
and they came back with it .
and it was an alien .
and so her mom took it back .
and put it back .
and and it scared and turned it back into its normal person so it was fun for them .
so they went to the park .
and they called the police .
and they make sure .
they talked to the aliens and they were safe again .
and thanks thanks to the kids that told their parents everything about it .
and I usually say thanks to the power puff girls when I read a story .
and I finish my story .
and I said and it said thanks to the power puff girls .
the end .
there were two kids .
and their mother +...
their names were Lisa and Raymond .
and their mother said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
and then they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa is that her name Lisa or is it Liza .
I think it's Lisa .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Kids_Meal .
so they were walking in .
and the mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
finally Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal .
and so they ordered .
the mother ordered a hamburger .
and the boy Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
or all together it costed twelve dollars and fifty fifty cents .
and then when the mom was reaching for her purse to get all the money she realized she'd left her purse at home .
a little boy +...
do I hafta name him give him a name .
okay [<] .
a little boy named Tom got up one morning .
and he he was late for school .
and he he hadta get up .
he poured his breakfast made a mess with the milk .
he looked at the clock .
and it was almost time to go to school .
he got dressed .
then he tried to tie his shoe .
but one of the laces broke .
he hadta go get new laces from one of his other shoes .
and he got out there .
and he missed the school bus .
so he hadta run to school .
and when he got there finally the teacher said Tom you're late for school .
and then he explains that he got up a little late .
he broke his shoelaces hadta get breakfast real fast .
and he missed the bus .
and the teacher wasn't that mad at him .
okay let me think .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
the girl had curly red hair .
and the boy had curly blonde hair .
the boy's name was Ralph .
and the girl's name was Sally .
and one day they were exploring .
and they saw an alien ship land at the park .
when they saw aliens come out of it even an alien dog Sally got excited and started to run .
Ralph tried to hold her back .
but it was no use .
she kept running .
she wanted to take one of these aliens home .
<> and she wanted to take the dog home with her .
she invited them to come over to their house for a tea party .
and they said yes .
Ralph didn't know if they were friendly or not .
but Sally did .
Sally and the little girl and the little dog played .
the dog's name was fluffy .
the girl's name was alien .
they played in the park .
and Ralph didn't think this was such a good idea .
so he stayed up in a tree .
when he saw how much fun Sally and the others were having he decided to come down .
Sally said to alien this is my younger brother Ralph .
and she said hi .
and she said Ralph this is alien and fluffy .
ruff said fluffy .
but soon the aliens hadta go .
they said bye .
and they left .
but <> they said they would come back and visit someday .
the end .
um I hafta say exactly ?
um (5.) (4.) I don't know (3.) um +...
Lisa didn't know what to order .
and <> she couldn't decide from a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and her mother and her brother knew what they were gonna get .
and Lisa ordered a kidsmeal coke and a chocolate cone .
and her brother ordered (3.) cheeseburger a vanilla shake and fries .
her mom ordered a salad .
and once they wanted to pay her <> mother thought she had her purse .
but she realized she left it home &*INV:good_job on the counter .
there once was a boy name bill .
and mostly everyday he was always late for school .
and he always forgot to set his alarm clock .
four when it was almost time for the bus to come he wasn't even dressed .
and he was pouring his milk on his cereal .
two (6.) and he had trouble tying his shoe because he was only in kindergarten .
and when he got out there the bus <> was already driving away away .
so he hadta walk to school .
and then once he gotta school (3.) he was late once again like he always is .
his teacher said go sit down .
and he did his work .
and he got a-plus on all of them .
um (8.) there once lived a girl named Bill and Jane .
(3.) and they were taking a walk in the woods when they heard a <> weird sound of noise that they never have heard before .
so they kept on walking .
and they heard it again .
so they were getting scared .
so they went to go check it out .
then (7.) they went to go check it out .
and they hid behind a bush so they thing couldn't see them .
and when they peeked up it was (3.) a family of octopuses with a (7.) four leg octopus's dog .
the mom's name was Oogelygoogely .
four dad's name was (4.) Zee .
and the dog's name was big nose .
and the child's name was called Woogely .
the girl grabbed the boy's hands and said come on .
and the boy said no .
so then when the girl went to go check it out the dog didn't say a word .
but it tried to go and see what it was .
and then once they saw it they ran as fast as they could home and told the story .
and they never saw the octopuses again .
their mom said what kind of restaurant they wanted .
and they <> yelled Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car .
and <> she asked them what they wanted to order .
and they ordered some stuff .
and (6.) they left something on the counter .
this boy he woke up .
and he he saw that he was late and hurried .
he tried to eat breakfast .
but he was in a hurry .
so he spilled milk .
and he broke his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] because he was in a hurry .
and he missed the bus .
and he was late .
so he walked to school .
and he miss some of his class .
and the teacher said he was late .
two kids were in the park playing .
and they saw a alien ship .
and the aliens were going on the park to play .
and the girl wanted to go say hi .
and the boy said no don't go .
one day there was a little boy and a little girl .
and they asked their mother if they wanted to go out and eat .
and the mother said where did you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
but ray and the mother already knew what they wanted .
so they told the clerk what they wanted .
and ray told the clerk that he wanted a cheeseburger with a drink and a vanilla ice cream .
and the mother asked for a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and said that she wanted a happy meal with with fries and a coke with a chocolate ice cream cone .
and when the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents the mother tried to get her purse .
but it wasn't there .
but she realized it was back on the kitchen table .
one day there was a boy named Andrew .
and <> he had a headache once he woke up .
when he went downstairs to make breakfast he spilled the milk all over .
when he was trying to tie his shoes his stringlace [: shoelace] [* s:r] broke .
and when he was getting ready he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he reached school his teacher got mad because he was so late .
the trip when the aliens came .
one day there was a boy and girl named Jeremy and Martha .
they were walking to the park .
then all of a sudden there was a gigantic spaceship .
they hid behind a bush until the things went away .
when they came out they saw four aliens .
so they hid in a tree instead of behind a bush .
when the aliens came near the tree they stood quiet for a while .
then when the aliens went back home Martha and Jeremy never went to the playground again .
once upon a time there were two kids .
their names were Lisa and Raybee .
and (2.) their mom ask them <> where <> we're gonna go out to eat .
and she asked them (2.) where do yall wants to go today .
both said Mcdonalds .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to decide a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
then she made up her mind .
she wanted a kidsmeal and coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk asked him that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but the mother reached in her purse .
she saw it wasn't there .
it was on the kitchen counter at home .
once upon a time there was a boy named Micheal .
he was in the bed .
when he woke up his clock was too loud .
he went to go eat some breakfast .
he poured the milk all over the place .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelaces came off .
and then he <> went to go to the bus stop .
and the bus left .
then he walks to school .
and the teacher said you're late .
the end .
once upon a time there were two little kids named Lisa and Micheal .
they went to the park .
<> they saw a big ship .
suddenly they saw it was an alien ship .
<> four aliens came out of the ship .
there was a dad a mom the kid and the dog .
they went behind the bushes .
Lisa was pulling Micheal's hand so they can go see the aliens .
the end .
the aliens had their bags so they can spend the night (2.) at their house .
tuesday night a mother called his childrens .
um I forgot .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and and they hop on the car .
and then they drive over .
and Lisa didn't know what to pick .
so the boy and the mom know what to pick .
the boy pick a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla shake .
her mom picked some salad .
and Lisa know what she wanted to pick a happy meal some fries and a coke and a icecream cone .
and the the guy said that that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom didn't have the money .
so that's all .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
and he hits his head on his pillow on there .
he was looking at the clock .
he was xxx and some cereal .
and he spilled the milk .
and then he didn't know how to tie his shoe .
and then he missed the bus .
and then the teacher said you you are late for school .
and he was looking at her .
that's all .
the end .
once upon a time there were a space that came down to earth .
and inside there were aliens that looked like octopus .
and the woman hold the man hands and took them over here .
but the man say stop stop !
those are dangerous .
they could take your brain off .
the end .
their mom asked where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they shouted out and said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and so they went .
and when they got there Raymond ordered the chocolate shake .
and the girl ordered the sandwich and chocolate icecream cone .
and then their mom ordered a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and then their mom remembered that she left her purse at home .
one day this boy woke up when his alarm went off .
and it was very loud .
and it hurt his head .
and he got up and went to get his breakfast .
and when he tried to pour his milk he spilled it everywhere .
and he spilled it all over the table .
and when he tried to tie his shoes that day his shoelace broke off .
and he got very mad .
but he didn't scream .
then he walked outside .
and he saw his bus leaving .
and he tried to catch up with it .
but he didn't catch up .
and he hadta walk to school .
and when his teacher saw him he walks up the stairs and went into his classroom and sat down .
one day two people were siting at a park and talking .
and they were talking about animals .
and this girl was talking about aliens .
and she said she believed in them .
suddenly a spaceship came down on the ground .
and aliens came rushing out .
and their alien dog came out with them .
and the girl wanted to see them .
but the father ran away holding her hand .
and the daughter pulled on his hand to come and look .
but her father would not let her .
finally the aliens waved .
and the father ran .
and they went back home .
and when they got home the little girl told her mother .
and her mother did not believe them .
so she did nothing .
and she never believed that there was aliens anymore .
was it Raymond Lisa and I forget ? [+ bch]
okay . [+ bch]
Raymond and Lisa and their mom were at home .
Raymond and Lisa's mom said why don't we eat out tonight .
and she said where do you wanna go .
and both kids jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
they both jumped up in the car .
and their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and Michelle I forget her name .
I think Raymond and Michelle +...
Raymond and her mom knew what they want .
Michelle didn't know what she want .
when they gotta the <> counter Michelle didn't know what she wanted .
and Raymond said at the counter I want a cheeseburger a Doctor_Pepper and a vanilla icecream cone .
their mom said a cheeseburger uh I don't know what else .
and Michelle knew what she wanted .
and she said a cheeseburger a Doctor_Pepper and a a chocolate frostie yeah .
and then the person at the counter said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mom reached into her purse and and said +...
and she noticed that she left the money on the counter in the kitchen .
I don't know what to name my story .
I'm gonna name this story Jacob's_bad_day .
when Jacob woke up in the morning he looked at his clock and said I'm late .
he went downstairs to get breakfast .
he was so tired .
he poured his cereal .
and he tried to pour some milk .
but he made a mess .
when Jacob got back up to his room he tied both shoes .
and when he was trying to make a knot his shoestring broke .
he got dressed .
he got his backpack .
and he went out to the bus stop .
when he gotta the bus stop the bus was already pulling off .
so he ran down down the sidewalk .
and he said wait up for me .
but the bus didn't stop .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school he was tired .
and his teacher said you're late .
and he said I know .
I couldn't catch the bus .
his teacher said okay go to your seat .
and then we'll start .
I wanna name my story Casey_And_Jessie's_Adventure .
when Casey and Jessie came home from school they went to their backyard .
and xxx xxx Casey said let's go on an adventure in the woods .
so they went on their adventure in the woods .
they went pass dozens and dozens of bushes and trees .
when they gotta end of the bushes and trees they saw a xxx yellow thing .
Casey went to see what what it is .
and Jessie did too .
so they went to the very end of the bushes and trees .
when they finally gotta the yellow thing they saw what it was .
it was a spaceship .
Casey said let's go see what's in the spaceship .
when she got halfway there the door opened .
Jessie pulled her back behind the bushes .
she said what's the matter .
let's go meet them .
and so she pulled and pulled .
but Jessie wouldn't let her go .
when they saw what came out the door they saw three aliens .
and the littlest alien was holding a dog .
but then it didn't look like a dog .
it was an alien dog .
it was some kind of poodle with a alien head .
she pulled and pulled .
but she still couldn't get over there .
Sarah thought there was no other aliens coming out .
they saw that a alien was waving to them .
Jessie said let's go now .
this is freaky .
so they both left .
and they went home .
on their way home they was thinking about telling their family .
but Jessie said no .
everyone or anything will wanna go back .
and she xxx .
there were sending something up .
and when Casey went she figured out that she was just in a dream .
so she told her mother about the dream .
and she said I had that dream too .
let's tell dad .
one night Raymond and Lisa's mom asked them where they wanted to go out tonight .
they yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went out .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but Raymond and her mom did .
and then she finally knew what she wanted .
so she told the clerk she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate ice cream .
and the clerk said it would be twelve twelve something .
and the clerk said that will be yeah I already said that part +...
the mom looked in the purse .
and she left the money on the counter at home .
one day this boy woke up .
and he looked at the time .
and he woke up late .
and then when he got up he ran out of bed got some cereal but spilled the milk .
and he was looking at the time when he spilled the milk .
then when he was tying the shoe he broke part of the shoestring .
then he finally got his things packed and got outside .
the school bus was already leaving .
then he gotta school .
and the teacher either it's the principal or the teacher and she said he was late .
it looks like these kids were playing .
and the boy didn't wanna go where the aliens were because he saw these aliens .
so he didn't wanna go where she was taking him .
but she kept on .
and then there were aliens out in the park with a strange looking dog .
and there was a spaceship right there .
and the mom was wearing a dress .
looks like with eight legs or at least ten .
and the child was bald .
the dad was bald .
but the mother wasn't .
and there's another alien inside the spaceship that looks like the driver .
and the boy he was trying to get her off of them so they wouldn't go down there .
she thought it was a cool idea to go down there .
but the boy was stopping her trying not to go anywhere .
but it looks like they actually did get somewhere .
okay on tuesday after school Lisa and Raymond's mom said they were going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
<> Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
okay so Lisa and Raymond's mom hauled them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and as they walked into the <> restaurant Lisa didn't know what she wanted xxx .
mom and Raymond already knew what they were gonna have .
okay Raymond said he'll have a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
mom was just gonna have a salad .
and Lisa had a happy meal with a soda and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that it all adds up to twelve fifty .
his mom reached out for her purse it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she had left it on the kitchen counter .
no .
one morning I'm guessing this guy oh wait +...
I'm gonna call this story Late_For_School .
one morning Sam woke up very late because his alarm clock didn't go off .
he was rushing his breakfast .
and when he tried to tie his shoes one of his laces broke so he hadta tuck his laces into his shoes .
next picture .
then Sam didn't make it to the bus because he was so late .
then when he gotta school his teacher was very disappointed because he was running late .
so the day went on normal except for Sam because he just didn't feel right because he rushed his breakfast and kept on hurrying .
and the end .
that's all I can remember .
I did one with these pictures .
this one was when he broke his shoelace .
this one he was rushing his breakfast .
this one found out that he was late for school .
that one was the one when he was running late .
and he he didn't catch the bus on time .
[^ tape cuts out] when the teacher was very disappointed .
and then when he was late to school .
okay one day Tim and Jan were out .
and then they heard a strange rumbling noise behind those bushes in the forest when they were playing .
and then when they looked over they saw a <> big spaceship .
and then out came aliens .
they were from the planet Jinga &=laughs I'm guessing .
and there were about three people who actually came out of the ship .
there was a father a mother and a little kid .
and they had a dog too that looked very strange .
and Jan she loved aliens so she ran out to study .
but then Tim stopped her .
he said no don't go .
how do you know these aliens are friendly ?
what if they're trying to take over the world ?
don't be silly Tim .
those aliens probably just people dressed up in in costumes and doing a movie .
no Jan these aliens really could be real aliens trying to take over the world .
don't be silly there's nothing wrong with them .
I mean they look pretty nice and even though they have nine legs .
still we shouldn't go and do it .
still we shouldn't go see them .
we should go tell mom and dad .
so they ran home to go tell mom and dad .
and when they got there only the children saw the aliens .
mother and father didn't see anything but just people .
and a big giant truck .
then to them oh +...
so Tim and Jan still wondered if they were still real or only they could see them .
uh is that longer than yours ?
okay .
on on tuesday when Raymond and Lisa came home their mama asked them where do you wanna eat eat tonight ?
then then they yelled Mcdonalds !
and they went to Mcdonalds that night .
and and Raymond and Lisa <> ordered what they wanted .
and then the mom forgot the money at the house .
and she didn't think of anything &*INV:mhm xxx .
<> once on a sunny morning a boy got got up from bed .
when he ate breakfast he poured milk into the bowl with cereal .
and he spilled milk on the counter too .
when he tied his shoe the shoelace broke off .
when he went outside [% sniffles] and he was ready to go to school he was late for the school school bus .
and he missed it .
when he arrived to his school he was late .
he was late to his <> classroom .
once on a cold cold windy day there there was a boy and girl .
the boy was named Brett .
and the girl was named Stephanie .
suddenly they found out that a saucer came from the sky and landed to the ground .
they did not know what would happen .
suddenly some weird aliens started coming out .
and and Brett was <> scared that something might happen .
the aliens looked like they were going going to move here and stay stay here for the rest of their lifes [: lives] because there are aliens with suitcases bags and um +...
and the the baby alien has a weird cat .
Stephanie wanted to see if they can meet the <> aliens and tell them their names .
but Brett was too scared that the aliens might <> sting them or bite them .
okay .
one day Lisa and Raymond +...
six I don't know .
twelve I forget that part .
they went to Mcdonalds with their mother .
three there's some of it I remember .
okay .
one day Lisa and Raymond were at home .
and their mom came home and asked them do you wanna go out to eat tonight ?
and she asked them again where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
<> then they went to Mcdonalds .
and <> Lisa wondered if she should get a whoppers or something and a happy meal .
and her mom got a salad .
and Raymond got french fries a vanilla shake and maybe some chicken nuggets maybe or something .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and said to the clerk I'll have a happy meal with a coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and (3.) maybe ninety nine cents .
and then when her mother looked to see if it was there it wasn't .
and she remembered that she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
okay .
one day a boy named john woke up .
he woke up late for school .
so he hadta work fast to get ready for school .
then once he was pouring his milk for his cereal he was so late that he looked up at the clock .
he poured the milk .
and it was <> spilling .
two after he got his clothes on he was tying his shoes .
and his lace broke .
then once he got outside to wait for the bus the bus was already leaving .
three and he try to get the bus driver's attention .
but she didn't .
then when he gotta school his teacher said that he was late .
and he told the teacher that he had a bad morning .
okay .
one day Josh and Lori went out to the park .
when they got there they played some games .
then they hid +...
they heard something coming from the air .
and they hid behind a bush .
then they saw this ship land at the ground .
and they saw these aliens or octopuses coming out of the ship with a a goofy pet .
three Lori really wanted to meet them and <> see what they would do .
but but um (3.) Josh didn't wanna .
he thought they would zap them with their laser beam .
but Michelle went over there anyway and said hello .
and then they talked for a while .
and they became friends .
one day Lisa and Raymond asked their mom to go out .
and they said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa didn't know if she should get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mom wanted +...
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger .
and his mom wanted +...
actually Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and his mom wanted a salad .
but when they were getting ready to pay she she realized that she left her purse at home .
one day Josh woke up .
and and he set his alarm clock wrong .
he tried to pour his cereal as fast as he could and eat it really fast .
but the milk spilled .
and he hadta eat it quick .
so he tied his shoe .
and it broke .
and then he hadta try to tie with a shorter string .
then when he tied it the school bus already left .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and then when he gotta school his teacher told him that he was late for school .
and he said I'm sorry and that I hadta go through a lot of trouble this morning .
one day an alien family traveled on their <> ship to earth .
they took their alien dog and and opened the door .
and they took off .
and they opened the +...
and then they landed on earth .
and then they opened the door .
and the father +...
and then they walked out .
then the father of +...
and then Lindsay Lindsay thought the aliens were cool .
so she was going to go to take a closer look at the aliens .
so she was dragging her dad .
but her dad said don't go .
and then the aliens found a place to live .
and then they lived there .
the end .
the <> mother and the children &*INV:mhm were going to Mcdonalds .
yeah .
um I forgot the boy's .
but I know the girl's name I think .
alright the girl's name was uh +...
[^ aah] I'm forgetting all about the story .
the boy's name I think was um +...
I don't know the boy's name .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
then they ordered some food .
but the mom forgot the money on the counter .
<> so +/.
[<] .
the mom ordered a salad .
and the boy ordered a <> cheeseburger &*INV:mhm with fries and a large shake .
and the girl ordered a happy meal with some fries and a large coke .
how much did it cost ?
twelve and fifty +...
twelve and fifty six cents .
then the mom looked in her purse .
and the money wasn't there .
it was on the counter .
no &*INV:no it was on the counter .
it looks like the boy was gonna get up for his school .
and he started to eat breakfast .
and he accidently spilled the milk .
then he got ready to catch the bus .
then once he go out when his backpack the bus left before he ever went out .
then he hadta walk to school .
oh then he walked into school .
then then the teacher saw them walking back in the school .
it looks like like aliens went to the planet earth .
[>] +/.
yeah .
yeah .
xxx xxx .
and they they went out of the ship .
and they walk down to see what's happening .
they're in a hotel or something .
and it look like two brothers their sister went to go see the aliens to visit them .
but the brother was keep pulling her back and back back .
and soon the sister broke out of the hand and ran to the aliens .
and the brother was chasing her after .
then the aliens saw them &*INV:mhm and started chasing them all around .
[<] they they ran home .
then they went to go tell the mom what they saw a spaceship and the brother and the baby .
and they went .
and brother said that the sister wasn't listening to her .
and when they got home the sister was punished .
Lisa and the boy [% child laughs] got home .
and their mom said we're going out to eat tonight where do you wanna go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
the boy's name +...
the boy and his mom knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the counter they the boy told he wanted a cheeseburger fries and a chocolate shake .
and Lisa told him that she wanted a cheeseburger fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk told them it was twelve twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
what should they do ?
my alarm must have not gone off said Derek .
[% ugh] he went downstairs .
and while he was pouring the milk he spilled the milk .
his mom got mad at him .
and while he was getting dressed he he broke his shoelace .
I forgot the title Super_Horrible_Day .
while I was going +...
this is kinda like a retelling .
when I <> woke up my alarm hadn't gone off and it <> was almost time to go .
I I was pouring my milk really fast .
and I spilled it all over the place .
when I was tying my shoe I <> broke the half of it off .
when I was trying to catch the school bus I missed it .
when when I finally gotta school I was really late .
the end .
<> Flying_Purple_People is the name of the story .
one day Zach and Katie saw a strange object at night in the sky .
and they were watching it and seeing where it land not like following it .
and then it landed .
the next day they went to the place that they thought it landed .
they found out it was a spaceship and saw a cross between an octopus and a human and also a cross between a dog and something else .
and Katie was kinda like ooh@c let's go meet them .
Zach was no let's not .
and Zach said you can go but I'm staying here .
Katie went .
dog was very mean and didn't like them .
but the cross between octopus and human were nice .
but they were showing Katie the <> ship .
they closed the door and <> flew out here leaving the dog behind .
and the end .
it's Raymond and his and who's that girl name again I forgot ?
and his sister .
and his mom are going to a restaurant .
and they both <> shouted out Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they go into the car .
they drive there .
and they walked in .
the boy say I want a Big_Mac and french fries and a pop .
and the girl said I don't know yet .
and his mom and the boy both have the same Mac .
and that girl had just say now I know what I want .
I want a happy meal with a french fries and a hamburger .
and the momma checked in her pocket .
and it's not there .
and she leave it at the the kitchen counter .
okay I'm done .
this boy named Tim get out of the bed .
the alarm clock ringed .
and he walked into the hall and in the kitchen .
and Tim make a big big mess with the milk and the cereal .
and he cleaned it up .
and he get ready for school .
he goes outside .
the bus stopped when they saw Tim .
the bus drived off .
and after that Tom walked and walked and walked at school .
and the teacher say why you be so late Tom ?
okay I just have a rough day today .
that's all .
George and Mary went to the park and saw this weird weird thing .
and they saw these weird people come out .
and Mary wanna go out there and look at them .
said no .
George grab on to her .
and he say that's not a stranger that's a alien .
and they went home and told their mom .
and the family walked over there .
they're not there .
and they're all the way up to the sky .
this little weird house is sticking out that's pretends .
and they walked in it .
and they saw the aliens .
and that's all .
and it's January .
and the thirteenth .
end the story yeh yeh .
.
they wanted to go out and eat .
.
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they +...
the boy got a a Big_Mac .
and the mom had got a salad .
and girl got a kidsmeal .
she she got a chocolate icecream .
then she got a Doctor_Pepper .
the boy had got a vanilla shake .
and the mom forgot the money at home .
one morning this boy had woke up .
he went to go fix breakfast .
and he spilled milk everywhere .
his shoelace had broke .
he got late for the bus .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
and the principal got mad .
one day this girl went to a alien +...
she seen this alien ship land .
and she seen alien people come out the ship .
and she seen a funny looking dog .
she said bob let's go see the aliens .
bob said no .
then then the lady had came off the spaceship .
then the spaceship had left .
bob went home to explain where his sister had went .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom asked them tonight we're going out to eat .
where would you like to eat ?
they both <> shouted Mcdonalds .
<> so that night she drove them to Mcdonalds .
and they they ordered the food .
and Raymond said that he would have a cheeseburger some french fries a coke and a milkshake .
their mom said that he would have a salad .
and Lisa said that she would have a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the person said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mom reached for the purse .
then she she discovered that it wasn't there .
it was in their house on the kitchen counter .
one morning Tom woke up .
and he figured out his alarm clock was running late .
and he quickly <> poured a snack .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled the milk .
and he was <> in such a rush that one of his shoelaces came off .
then he just ran for the school bus .
and when he gotta school he was tardy .
one time there there were two kids at the park playing .
and then they saw an alien ship landing .
and then aliens came outside with with a mom a dad a child and a dog .
and then the girl wanted to get closer to them .
but then the boy held her back and telling her not to .
and that's it .
mom came back .
and she had some money .
and then she asked the kids where do they wanna go to eat ?
and both of them scream Mcdonald .
rosie didn't know if she wanted to eat happy meal or Big_Mac .
and Raymond <> had already know what he wanted to eat .
he wanted to eat cheeseburger and a +...
and his mom know she wanted to eat .
she wanted to eat a salad with a chocolate shake .
they went to the counter .
and Suzie said I want the +...
then Raymond said I want a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and mom said I wanted a salad with a chocolate shake .
and Sally she wanted to get a a <> happy meal .
then the mom +...
it was <> twelve dollars and forty two cents .
she was taking out the money from her pocket .
and she left it at home in the kitchen table .
then the question were what did Sally order ?
a kidsmeal .
what did Raymond order ?
and it was a cheeseburger .
and how much was it ?
and it was twelve dollars and forty two cents .
where did they left the money ?
on the table .
and <> what did they do after they <> eat at +...
they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
he got up in this morning .
and he screamed loud because he is late for his bus .
then he picked up the the clock .
and he sat it back on the jar .
he was getting some cereal to eat .
but when he was doing it milk went all over the table .
and it was dripping down to the floor .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
then when he was tying it it broke his shoelace .
then he was running trying to catch up to the school bus .
he was running and the bus stopped .
then the teacher was looking at him .
and he had his head up high .
and was tired .
and he walked up the stairs .
they were playing around .
and a spaceship came .
then aliens came off the spaceship .
then the guy said stop .
and the girl was holding his hand .
and she was running running out there .
but the guy didn't wanna because he thought they could see us .
and they could <> hurt us .
and and then there's an alien inside .
he was waving .
and the alien dog was looking at the bench here .
then there was some white stuff when they stopped .
and the alien had eight legs .
and there was a lot of trees .
and the girl she was going to run up and push the bush around so she can run out there .
and the grass was so green .
and it looked like the dog was looking that way .
and it looked like he doesn't have no nose .
and that is it .
the two kids got home .
their mom said we're going out .
where do you wanna go ?
the kids said Mcdonalds .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but the boy and their mom already knew what they wanted .
the boy ordered a hamburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she said she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve ninety five .
and then when the mom went for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered it was on the kitchen table .
one day a boy woke up really late .
and when he poured his milk it spilled out of the bowl .
and then when he was tying his sneakers one of the straps broke off .
and when he gotta the school bus it went without him .
and then when he gotta school he was late .
once upon a time there was two kids .
they were playing in the park .
and then a spaceship went down .
and four aliens came out .
the littlest alien had an alien dog .
and the aliens were creepy looking .
but they were just trying to be friendly .
and the kids ran away .
the end .
when +...
what's the boy's name ?
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mother said we're going out to eat .
and she asked where do you wanna go .
and they both shouted Macdonalds .
so she went to Macdonalds .
and while they were in line Lisa couldn't decide what to get .
but +...
I keep forgetting the boy's name .
but Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the counter she finally knew what she wanted .
and so she said I want a happy meal with with a coke and chocolate icecream .
and Raymond said I'll have a Big_Mac and a coke .
and when their mother reached for her purse she didn't have it .
so they went back home and got it .
one day George woke up .
and he had a headache .
and he was late .
so when he first got into the kitchen he tried making some breakfast because he was very late .
and he spilled it all over the place .
then he hadta clean it up .
after that he he went .
and <> his shoes were untied .
so he put them on .
and he tied them .
but one of his shoelaces fell off .
so he hadta sew it back on .
then he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk there .
his teacher said you're very late .
one day Shelby and john were walking in the park .
they were playing hide-and-go-seek .
Daniel saw an alien ship .
and he was terrified .
so he went to get Shelby .
but Shelby was excited .
and she thought it would be cool to meet them .
but Daniel said no we can't go .
but then Michelle grabbed his hand and took him to the aliens .
they were very nice .
and they were coming for a a trip to earth and see all the sights .
so Daniel and Michelle showed them around into a lot of places .
they showed them everywhere .
the aliens hadta go back home the next day .
they were very sad .
but they had a great time .
and one of the aliens let their alien dog stay for a souvenir for them to keep them company .
and the aliens took off .
and and the next day the dog was gone .
so they were looking for him .
and finally they found him .
and and the alien dog had puppies .
and the alien dog let them keep one .
and the alien dog took them all back to earth .
the end .
one day the same exact way or .
I can't remember exact words .
I can't remember exact words but they used .
but I can remember might be able remember what you I can .
one night Lisa and Raymond's mother told them that tonight we're gonna eat out .
she asked them where do you wanna eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car .
and their mother went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not decide what she wanted to order .
Raymond <> wanted a <> (7.) a whopper .
and and the mother ordered .
I can't remember in the exact same word .
and I can't remember what they ordered .
the mother ordered a I'm not sure what the mother ordered .
and finally Lisa decide what she want too .
she wanted a whopper and a chocolate cone .
by the time they gotta the clerk <> and they ordered .
Lisa and Raymond's mother realized that she had left her purse on the kitchen counter .
he woke up late .
he spilled his milk .
it was milk and breakfast .
ripped his shoelaces missed the bus and gotta school late .
one day aliens from space came to earth .
Lisa and Justin <> saw them in the park coming down from the spaceship .
Lisa was excited and wanted to meet them .
but Justin said don't go and was trying to get away .
Lisa found out that they were gonna be their neighbors .
and Justin wanted to run away from home .
Justin said I'd rather live in a tree with woodpeckers then be neighbors with some aliens .
nine when Lisa heard that she wanted to punch Justin .
but she knew that it was her brother .
so she didn't wanna fight .
and finally Lisa got Justin to try to meet them .
they talk a different language .
so they couldn't understand them .
but from the way how they talked they knew that they were nice people .
and nice aliens .
sometimes they did strange things .
and then next month they decided to go back and live in the park where Justin and Lisa always played .
they became friends with all of them even the dog .
the dog looked the strangest .
not saying that they didn't all look strange .
the dog was was furry only in one spot .
the rest were just skinny blue and didn't look too nice .
everybody in the family was bald except for the mother even the girl .
they didn't look like they had a a lot of stuff .
just <> to live in one place .
because I don't think it looks like that much stuff .
nine (12.) they started to play games with the girl and the dog .
they got useta the scary funny looking dog .
and they all became very good friends .
the end .
mom said to Raymond and Lisa that they're going to go out to eat .
and Raymond and Lisa said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Raymond said he would have a hamburger and some coke .
but Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
mom said that she would have a salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
she said she wanted a chocolate icecream with a chocolate coke and a hamburger and some coke with fries .
but they didn't have the money .
and they told the guy he sell the money .
and they would go home and get the money .
and then they would come back to get their food .
this little I'm going to make up a name for him .
jack woke up at the wrong time .
he was not very good when he got woken up .
when it was breakfast time he spilled his milk .
when it was time for school he accidentally broke one of his shoelaces .
and then he almost missed the bus .
and then the teacher told jack that you're a few minutes late .
I'm going to make up the names for the girl and the boy .
the boy is going to be called Billy .
and the girl is going to be called Rachelle .
one <> monday morning Rachelle and Billy went for a walk in the woods .
and they were going to have a picnic .
but then when they saw that a flying saucer was there they were afraid there were aliens .
and they saw big octopuses with hands .
and they thought they were aliens .
and they even have a a alien dog too .
and they thought they wanted to rule the world .
and so Rachelle wanted to get the little alien .
but Billy said no they might catch you stealing !
Rachelle wanted to have proof .
she didn't even pay attention to Billy .
until Billy bumped her .
she fell out of it .
and then they ran <> home and told about it .
but the president didn't believe them .
so they went for another walk .
and the spaceship was gone .
all there was footprints of little dots there and some grass that was down .
on tuesday Lisa and her brother came back home from school .
and their mom said where do you wanna go eat tonight ?
at Mcdonalds they both said .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered .
Lisa ordered fries chicken nuggets .
and the other kid ordered a vanilla icecream cone fries and chicken nuggets .
and the lady said that's twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom went in her purse the money wasn't there .
one day a boy name Eric woke up from bed .
it was very late .
he was xxx have some breakfast .
but it was too late .
then when he was tying his shoes his shoelace came off .
he ran out the door .
and he missed his bus .
when he gotta school his teacher was angry .
one day on wednesday Sara and her brother went to the park .
but they saw something .
they were suppose to go to school .
but then they saw these aliens coming out of their ships .
Sara said come on let's go see them .
but Daniel said no I don't wanna see them .
they might kill us .
but look that's a cute dog over there .
and the aliens were so <> surprised that they were afraid .
no .
one night when it was dinner time Raymond and Julie's mom said we're going out tonight .
where would you like to go ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
<> when they got there Julie couldn't decide what <> to eat .
Raymond and her mom already had decided .
when the the manager asked them what would you like to eat Raymond said he would like [% (12.) interruption] a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
her mom ordered a salad .
finally Julie decided what to eat .
she asked for a +...
wait there was something I skipped .
can I go back ?
when they got there Julie couldn't decide what to eat .
she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac and a kidsmeal .
when the <> manager asked what would you like Raymond asked for a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
their mom asked for a salad .
and Julie finally decided .
she wanted a kidsmeal (7.) a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
when the manager said that would be twelve fifty her mother reached for her purse .
and it was gone .
then she remembered she had left it on the counter in the kitchen .
what should <> she do ?
on sunday Max who was eight years old stayed up until twelve and read .
the next day was a school day .
and then he slept in .
then his alarm clock rang .
<> he was really surprised .
he thought he had only slept in half the time .
he was so tired and looking at the clock that he overflowed his bowl with milk .
well it was a bad day for Max .
you can tell that from now .
but one of the worst things was that when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then he heard the bus brakes .
he taped it on as fast as he can .
then he tied his shoes and ran out the door .
<> but the school bus had already gone .
and he was going to get two dollars from his friend if he had gone because he had missed some days and two dollars from the bus driver and his teacher too .
but he missed it .
and he was trying as hard as he could .
well that day he hadta walk to school again .
usually he would have rode his bike .
but the last time he did he hadta walk to school .
his teacher was really mad at him and depressed .
except then when he had told her what he had done the teacher would let him up .
but she said if he had stayed up late again that she would do it .
and that was the same thing his mom said .
and he got punished from his lamp for a week .
for the rest of the time he was more careful to go to bed when he should have .
the end .
aliens from outer space .
one day when Annie and (7.) Matt were walking in the woods they heard a big loud crash .
Annie said whoa@c what was that ?
Matt said I don't really wanna know .
and he grabbed his arm and went xxx .
when they found them they saw aliens .
whoa said Annie aliens from outer space .
Matt tried to run off .
but Annie's grip was too hard .
the first one they saw was an xxx out of the spaceship .
there was a driver in the spaceship waving good bye .
there was a dad a mother a girl and an alien poodle .
whoa@c .
my science project would be cool and yours .
we are twins you know .
<> but you're a fraidy cat .
you won't go .
Annie let go .
and Matt ran off .
(5.) Annie heard them say let's go to and move in here .
it is a very nice place .
where should we go ?
well of course let's go to the one we are assigned said the father .
neighbors as Matt and Annie at one thirty twenty one one twenty three Downey .
Annie said whoa@c aliens as neighbors .
I can scare Matt with my new friend .
when Matt came back with their mom and dad they couldn't see anything .
Annie was pointing right there .
and they said Annie quit playing jokes <> with us .
and Matt quit lying .
then the aliens appeared .
and their mother and father and Matt ran off .
the next day they saw a spaceship .
and a little hoverplane .
their mom said what strange new neighbors we have .
I mean look at the shape of their car their dad said .
let us go give them a warming welcome to our neighborhood .
when they did they saw the aliens again .
Annie said let us to the little girl since she opened the door .
hey do you wanna be friends ?
and the little girl said yes .
hey wanna make cookie she said .
sure but first what is your name <> the alien girl said .
(5.) Matilda .
I like that name said Annie .
then they played together until that next year .
they had grown very much .
and they had a lot of fun .
while they were playing the aliens got a car .
the car was because they hadta go to another planet .
when Matilda told Annie she was really depressed .
but Matilda said don't worry Annie .
we will be back to see you sometime .
we will visit you every month .
Matilda was then really happy .
she said okay .
and then she saw a flash .
and they were gone .
when jack called about this +...
when the family heard what Annie had told them they really relieved .
but then when Annie told them that they were coming every month the whole family fainted except for Annie .
Annie laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed .
the next day they got a phone call .
it was Matilda .
Annie was really surprised .
Matilda said I have some new things that you guys can get .
and guess what ?
we forgot to get our brother .
that is why we hadta leave .
we're moving back in .
and our brother is really afraid .
he is a scaredy-cat said Matilda .
his name is jack .
I saw your brother Matt .
he is a scaredy-cat too .
maybe they would like each other .
and my mom and dad wanna meet you big time .
and he said whoa@c cool .
I wish you were in my class .
Matilda said I am .
I have just started school xxx .
yeah you're in third grade aren't you ?
yep .
hey except I am going to hafta learn your guy's writing .
you already know mine .
maybe you can teach it to the class .
well okay .
and Matt he is my twin .
except he is in a different class .
he flunked once .
he is in second grade .
but my mom said he is going to skip a grade next year .
well see you Matilda .
and then really fast they were back .
well the whole family made friends .
and they were a whole new family .
they stayed for ten million light years .
they figured out what light years were because they were still alive then .
but Matilda was twelve then .
now they are really good friends .
and they are not scaredy cats anymore .
but when they were fifteen they hadta leave because they left their whole family .
and they got their whole family too .
and all of the families had the same amount of people .
and they were very good friends .
when they all died at the same time jack and Annie and all the family was really sad .
then Annie said maybe we will get xxx .
and then their whole family fainted again .
the end .
on tuesday mother asked Lisa and Raymond where they wanted to go out to eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond wanted a happy meal with a milkshake and fries .
Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond went up to the counter and said I want a happy meal with fries and a milkshake .
Lisa went up and said I want a happy meal with coke fries and a small icecream cone .
then <> mother reached into the purse purse and said uhoh .
the purse was gone .
one day a boy woke up and knocked his head on the counter .
and and then he looked at his clock .
and it was +...
he slept in too late .
then he went to the counter and <> made his cereal and spilled his milk .
then he tied his shoe and broke his shoelace .
he got out of his house and went running for the school bus .
but it was too late .
it was already <> driving off .
when he gotta school he was in trouble .
the principal said you're late .
go get a tardy .
uhhuh .
one day there was this boy and girl that went to the park .
when they got there they saw a spaceship land .
<> four aliens came out .
and one alien dog came out .
the boy screamed .
but the girl just wanted to go see them .
he said no don't do that .
they could kill you .
she still went .
they were friendly .
they sat down on the picnic table .
and they took a picnic .
when they went back the aliens played around a little bit .
they came back to the park .
and then they saw the aliens going back in their spaceship .
and then they said no we wanna play with you some more .
but then they hadta leave .
the end .
they ordered for them .
their mom told them what they wanna eat .
their mother left the the purse .
he woke up earlier .
he wanted to make breakfast and spilled his milk .
he he broke his shoelace .
he was late for the bus .
the teacher said he was late .
there were a a girl and a boy .
they were next to bushes .
and they saw a ship .
and aliens came out .
and they had a dog .
the boy said don't go there .
don't go there .
well Lisa and Raymond <> came home from school .
and their mother said that they were going out to eat .
and their mother asked what do you_all wanna eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and <> Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and Lisa said that she wanted +...
and when they gotta the counter Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
and and Raymond said that he wanted a Big_Mac and a vanilla shake .
and his mom said I'll have a salad .
and Lisa said I'll have a happy meal and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
and the person said twelve dollars and thirty seven cents .
and and then when the mom reached down for her purse she didn't have it .
and then she go home and get it .
well a boy David he was sleeping .
then he didn't realize he was sleeping real late .
he wasn't looking .
and he was looking at the time .
he wasn't looking what he was doing to his milk .
he take out his shoestring .
he hit himself with the shoestring .
then he got left from the school bus because he was very very late .
then when he gotta school his teacher said you're very very very late David .
in the beginning David and Ashley were going to have a picnic .
then they saw some aliens .
Ashley said those aren't aliens .
then Ashley took his hand and started walking over there .
David said no let my hand go .
then Ashley let his hand go and start going over there and play with them .
and then the aliens said hi how are you doing .
and then they sat down and had a picnic .
then Ashley said that my brother thinks you alien .
then the aliens said well we came from far far away .
we was in Japan .
and then Ashley said I knew my brother was wrong .
so then they made best friends .
she met their pet .
and then David went over there and said they really aren't alien .
I'm sorry Ashley for thinking those were <> aliens .
and I'm sorry too for thinking you_all were aliens .
the end .
when Raymond and Lisa got back home then their mom said that they gonna go out to eat tonight .
then her mom asked them where do they wanna go .
then Raymond and Lisa yelled out Mcdonalds .
then when they went there Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and large fries and a milkshake .
and then their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal and a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
and the icecream cone was a chocolate icecream cone .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but then when her mom looked in her purse she forgot the money .
she knew that she left the money at the kitchen counter .
so then the man could write it on a paper .
and then the mom and the two kids could go back and get the money .
one day a little boy woke up .
and then he went downstairs to eat his breakfast .
but then he was looking at the clock .
he forgot to look at his milk if it was spilling .
then he couldn't have in his breakfast .
then he just went to take a shower .
and put on his clothes .
and when he got outside he missed his bus .
so he hadta walk walk .
and then when he gotta school the teacher said that the boy was too late for school .
one day a boy and a girl was walking to a park to have a picnic .
while they were walking they were almost next to the park .
then they saw aliens landing on the park .
and then the girl wanted to go talk to them .
but then the big brother didn't wanna because he was scared of the aliens .
then then they both went .
and then the girl and the boy +...
the girl asked the aliens where did they come from .
and then they talked in alien language .
but then the girl and the boy didn't understand .
so then the aliens they were being scary to them .
but they were scared of the two children .
then the girl and the boy went home running as fast as they could .
then they told the parents that they saw live aliens .
then the mom and dad said nonsense .
then the girl said come come .
we're telling you the truth .
it was scary .
then the family went to see .
then all the aliens were +...
they saw the spaceship .
but then they went back to their planet called alien Alien_Planet .
the end .
they went to the Mcdonalds .
they ordered stuff .
and their mom forgot the money .
twenty one I don't remember .
he's having a bad day .
because he got up late spilled his breakfast snap his shoelace and missed the bus was late for school .
not really .
there were aliens .
and the boy was scared to see the aliens .
and the girl wanted to go meet them .
there's a father and a mother two boys and a dog .
their ship landed in a park .
and they all have dots all over their face .
six no not really .
when the two children got home their mom asked them we're going to go out to eat tonight .
where do you guys wanna go ?
they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and their mom went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
but her mom and her brother knew .
her brother was gonna get a cheeseburger .
and her mom was gonna get a salad .
and then finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal .
and the clerk told her it was gonna be twelve dollars .
[% whispers quietly to himself] and then her mom looked in her purse .
and she said oh_my_gosh .
I don't have the money in here .
I must have left it at home kitchen table .
one morning mike woke up .
he had a bad headache .
and then when he went out he poured his bowl of cereal .
and all of the milk went flooding everywhere .
when he had breakfast he went out and tried to put his shoes on .
but he couldn't tie his shoe because all his laces were going everywhere .
and he couldn't just get them right .
and then when he finally got his shoes on he got his backpack and went out the door tried to get the bus .
by the time he went out the bus was already on its way to school .
so he hadta walk to school .
and when he gotta school he was really late .
the teacher was waiting out there for him .
she was really mad .
one time there was a girl and a boy .
one name was Christine .
and one name was Christopher .
they were both going to the park .
and suddenly when they were behind a bush they saw this big spaceship .
it landed .
and they watched .
the door opened with smoke coming out of it .
there was a family of aliens walked out .
there was a dog a daughter a mom and a dad and a older sister .
when they walked out Christine wanted to go see .
but Christopher held her back and said no wait !
you might get zapped with their lasers .
but suddenly they walked out .
and they lost her .
Christine ran and tried to find them .
but she never could .
that's it .
their mom said we are going out tonight .
where do you kids wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and while they were going there the girl Elena she is like I don't know what to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and when they got there Allen ordered a hamburger with french fries and a vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Elena <> ordered a happy meal with fries and a vanilla milkshake with a chocolate icecream cone .
(5.) what were the boy's and girl's name ?
first bob woke up .
but then he bumped his head on his desk .
and said oh no I am late .
and when he was going going downstairs to get his cereal he accidentally poured the milk bowl too full .
and then he got dressed and ready for school and everything .
and then he was tying his shoes .
and his shoelace broke .
and when he finally got out of his house he missed the bus .
and then he is like oh_man now I can't go to school .
then he hadta walk back home and say I missed the bus mom .
on thursday Michelle Michelle and Daniel went went to the park to have some lunch .
and they were eating behind a bush because it was so shady .
and they really liked it there .
and they ate there for at least a half an hour .
and then they heard a strange noise kind of whistling kind of sound .
and they stood up .
and they just saw this yellow blur fly across the sky .
and then they saw saw a spaceship land .
and five aliens come out .
and Michelle said wow look at those .
Daniel was like get away get away run .
and Michelle kept on .
and he started running away .
but Michelle got him by the arm and said let's see what those aliens are .
and the aliens sat down .
and and opened their cases and started having lunch .
one day Raymond and Lisa came back to school .
and their mom said they're going to eat out .
and their mom said where you wanna eat .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
so when they got there Lisa didn't know what to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and Lisa's mom knew what they wanted .
so when they went to the clerk Raymond said he wanted a vanilla milkshake a cheeseburger and french fries .
their mom said a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said she wanted a cheeseburger french fries a coke and <> chocolate icecream cone .
and it was twelve dollars .
but Lisa's mom forgot her purse at home .
um I don't think there was any more things .
one day a boy named Sam went to bed .
the next day his clock woke him up .
but his clock was set wrong .
so he started rushing .
okay so he started pouring the milk and <> made a mess for the cereal .
then he put on his clothes and washed up .
after that he got his clothes on .
and he started tying his shoes .
but the left shoelace came off .
so he said forget about it .
so he just started trying to catch the bus .
but he missed it .
when he gotta school his teacher saw him in a mess .
so when Raymond gotta school he didn't know what was happening because he was late .
I'm finished .
one day a boy named juice and a girl named Sammy were at a park .
they saw a u_f_o .
but they didn't know it was real .
so they got closer to it to inspect it .
when they knocked on the ship the door fell down .
and they saw alien peoples .
so they rushed back .
but they looked behind a bush .
they saw an alien girl a alien boy an alien mother an alien dog and an alien father .
well then they looked back to see if anybody saw it .
but when they looked back to look at the ship it was gone .
they thought it was a dream .
and it could have been .
who knows ?
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and they asked their parents if they could take them to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa could not decide what she wanted either a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and then the mother turned to look for her purse .
and then she had remembered that she had left it on the front kitchen counter .
he woke up late .
and he look on his alarm clock .
and it was past when he was sposta wake up .
and then he tried to get his breakfast ready .
but he was in a rush .
and he spilled his milk .
and then his shoelace broke when he was trying to tie his shoe .
then he missed the school bus .
and he <> tried to catch up with it .
but he couldn't .
so he walked to school .
there were two teenage kids .
and they were in the bushes exploring .
and then they had seen a spaceship with aliens .
and one of them had a little furry dog .
and one was pulling her brother to go get a closer look .
but he refused to .
and she wanted to go meet them .
but he wouldn't let her .
so she kept on trying to pull him and pull him .
but he <> kept on refusing to go .
and finally she just let go and went to meet them .
and then they became good friends .
and the teenage boy was scared and ran home .
and then the aliens packed up got in their spaceship and left .
and the girl was really sad because she did not have anybody to play with .
when Richard and Sally got home their mom said where do you wanna eat out ?
they said Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and their mom drove them .
they got there .
Sally couldn't make up her mind .
and Richard ordered a cheeseburger with fries .
the guy at the cash register said that will be twelve dollars .
she reached down .
and she remembered she left her purse on the counter at home .
one day a kid woke up because of his alarm clock .
and he looked at it .
and it was almost eight o'clock .
when he was pouring his cereal he looked at the clock to see what time it was .
and milk overflowed .
and when he was walking to school his shoelace snapped .
and he was angry .
and he tried to run up to the bus and catch it .
but he missed it .
and when he gotta school the teacher said you are late .
one day Sarah and Dane were walking in the <> forest .
and they heard something .
and they looked over the bush .
and they saw a spaceship .
and the door was opening .
and aliens <> walked out the door .
and they wanted to have a picnic .
and they wanted to <> spend the night a little while .
and they had a pet .
and then Sarah tried to go look out to go look at aliens close up .
and Dane thought thought it was not a good idea .
then when they left Sarah said oh_man wish we had the chance to get proof .
the end .
their mom said where do you wanna go out to eat .
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
they they jumped into the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa ordered a happy meal coke .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake and a [% whispers] Mighty_Kids_Meal .
and a Mighty_Kids_Meal .
their +...
and the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mom was getting her purse .
and then she noticed it wasn't there .
it was on the kitchen counter at their house .
a boy woke up out of bed .
and he was tired .
and his alarm woke him up .
he went downstairs to get his cereal .
he poured the milk .
and it spilled all over the place .
he went to tie his shoes .
and he broke the shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and he gotta school .
and his teacher was mad at him because he wasn't on time .
these aliens came down from a different planet .
they came out of their spaceship .
and a boy and a girl went over there and looked at it .
and the boy was scared .
and the girl wanna try check it out .
so the boy said we needta go back home and tell our parents .
and they told their parents .
and their parents came .
and they were already back home .
one day their mother said we're going out <> tonight .
what do you wanna go ?
they said Mcdonalds both &*INV:mhm said it .
they rush to the car .
and her mom drove [% pronounced drewv] to <> the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they got there .
and her mom didn't know what a side a a : .
a side .
and then she think and thinks .
so she got a happy meal a chocolate shake and a chocolate fudge .
and they said it would twenty five cents .
so she looked in her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and what will they do now ?
one afternoon a kid was <> late for school .
he got up <> got some milk dropped it .
and then he looked at the clock .
it was time to go to school .
and then he was tying his shoes .
and then the shoelace broke .
and then he tried to get the bus .
but the bus leaves too soon .
and the principal said you're late .
and then he said I'm sorry .
I might miss the bus .
one day some kids were looking in the woods a brother and sister .
they were going to this park .
and then she saw these spaceship come out .
and then they saw aliens .
and then their brother was scared .
and then they don't wanna go .
but her sister wanted to go .
so she wanted to go .
so I don't know if the brother went or didn't go with her .
or maybe they let her go .
when Lisa and +...
oh this is gonna be hard .
Remzy .
oh I forget .
[<] .
Lisa and Remzy got off the bus .
their mother said we're gonna go out for dinner .
where would you guys like to go ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds !
so they got into the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a cheeseburger or a happy meal .
her mother and her brother had already decided .
<> her brother wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and her mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said it'll be twelve fifty .
and then when their mother went to reach into her purse she remembered that she had forgotten her purse on the kitchen counter .
one morning when Todd woke up he looked at his alarm clock and said oh no I'm gonna miss the bus .
so then he hurried downstairs to eat breakfast .
while he was trying to pour his milk fast it spilled all over the table and so did the cereal .
after he got dressed and combed his hair +...
when he tried to tie his shoe in a fast the shoelace broke .
he was very unhappy .
so he got on a new pair of shoes .
when he ran outside with his bookbag and lunch he had missed the bus .
then he hadta go two miles to his school .
and he was late .
so he got a late slip and then returned to class .
one day when Jill and bill were outside playing in the park they were behind a bush .
and they saw an alien spaceship land in the park .
so they creeped down under the bushes .
and Jill grabbed bill's hand and said come on let's go see them .
but bill said no way .
after that there were four alien looking octopuses stepping out of the alien spaceship .
and they even had a weird looking dog .
so Jill went out to say hi .
the people got scared and got back in their spaceship and wouldn't come out .
so she said it's alright I won't hurt you .
neither will my brother bill .
so they came back out .
they said hi I'm Sara Michelle Fred and Jake .
and we've come down to see what earth is really like .
so then Jill and bill went and got their parents so they could meet the aliens too .
but then the aliens disappeared .
they wondered if it was really a dream or just an illusion .
uh gosh I forgot the beginning .
um can't remember .
they went to the Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake and a a coke .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal <> with a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and <> their mom ordered a salad .
and and the cash register man said that'll be twelve dollars .
and then their mom noticed that that she left her purse at the house .
there was a boy named john .
and he woke up .
and and he went downstairs to the kitchen .
and got a bowl and got a spoon and put cereal in the bowl and poured the milk .
and it spilled all over the table .
then once he finished breakfast he went to go get dressed .
and get on his shoes and tie it .
but his shoelace snapped .
and then he tried to +...
he was late for the bus stop .
and he went outside .
and the bus was leaving .
he was having a very bad day .
and and got at school late .
and and that's the end .
one one afternoon Eric Eric and Portia went went on a hike .
and they they decide to go in the woods .
and and Eric tripped over rock .
they got up and then they saw a space cruise .
and and they wanna go see what was going on .
and there was aliens (7.) with eight legs and a dog who had a weird nose and very hairy .
we couldn't read what was on their space cruise .
but we wanted to get out_o(f) there fast .
they told their <> mom and dads about what they had seen .
but they didn't believe them .
and so they they decide to go get proof .
and they came back and pulled a hair off the dog <> and ran back to their house and showed their mom and dads .
and then they went over there again .
and they believed them .
when they got out of school they both said that they wanted Mcdonalds .
when they got there the girl couldn't decide what she <> wanted .
and the boy and the mom knew what they wanted .
and then when they gotta the front desk +...
and when they all told them how much it was +...
and mom forgot her purse .
the boy ordered a Big_Mac .
and then the girl ordered a happy meal .
and that is all I can remember .
first of all he's waking up from his bed .
and then he is eating his breakfast .
but he is making a big mess .
and then he is tying his shoe .
but his shoestring broke .
and he missed the bus .
and then he's late for school .
that's all .
<> it's a spaceship .
and these aliens with lots of legs are walking off .
and there is a dog .
and the boy is stopping the girl from probably going over there and touching them or something .
and (5.) that's all .
um might say something up there .
um that is all I can think of right now .
Lisa and what was the boy's name again ?
just got home on the bus .
and their mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
and she said where do you wanna go out ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
actually she drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there their mother knew what to order .
and her brother knew what to order .
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
and then she finally knew what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a cone and a large coke with chocolate icecream .
and then the the guy at the <> counter said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty nine cents .
and then when she was going to get her purse she just noticed that she left it on the counter at home .
one morning a boy named john woke up .
and his alarm clock was broken .
and then he went downstairs to make breakfast .
but he spilled the milk all over his his table .
and then when he got his shoes and he tied them one of his shoelaces broke .
and then when the school bus arrived he was still trying to tie his shoe .
but then the school bus left before he got on the bus .
and then he ran all the way chasing the bus .
and then he gotta school by running .
and her teacher said you are late .
the end .
one day on saturday Ashlyn and Corbin went out for a picnic by themselves out in the park .
and they saw a spaceship <> landing at a picnic table .
and they saw a kid and another kid named and a mom and dad and a weird looking dog .
and then they rushed all the way home to tell their mom and dad .
and they wished they had proof .
but their mom and dad didn't believe them .
the end .
um um +...
mothers asked their kids where they wanted to eat out .
and they decided Mcdonalds .
and when they got there the boy ordered a cheeseburger some kind of drink .
the same thing .
and the girl Lisa ordered an ice cream cone .
it was vanilla that is what I think it was .
and she wanted a cheeseburger and something to drink .
and <> when the man or woman said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother looked in her purse there was no money .
and she realized that it was on the counter at home .
<> there once lived a boy named jack .
and his hair was a little messy .
when he woke up out of bed he was going to eat some cereal .
but he spilled it when he was concentrating on the clock .
when he was going to be late +...
and when he was all dressed up he he was tying his shoes .
and then he got pulled too hard .
and his shoe string snapped .
when he got outside he was too late for the bus .
now he hadta walk to school .
he asked a woman named Gina .
and she said <> go two paths .
and take a right <> to school .
there once lived some octopuses with eight legs .
and two person hand and hair .
there was three octopuses .
a girl a mom and a dad and a pet named boo .
I named him boo .
and they came out of a spaceship that looked like carnival .
and it looked like a spaceship .
and there was this one girl who came out and wanted to play with the octopuses .
this one boy that was her friend said oo@c don't do that .
and she didn't listen .
and she went and play with them .
not really .
Raymond and his sister's mom told the kids that they were going out to eat .
and she said where would you like to go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
so they hoped into the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
the clerk asked what would you like ?
the mom said I would like a milkshake and a Big_Mac .
and she asked the kids what would you like ?
Raymond said I would like fries a kidsmeal and a chocolate shake .
and she asked the girl what would you like ?
she said I would like a chocolate milkshake and a kidsmeal .
the mom reached over to grab her purse .
but it was not there .
she said I must have left it on the counter .
there was a boy .
and he woke up .
he didn't wake up at the right time .
he was hurrying for the bus .
and he spilled his milk .
he was looking at the clock .
his shoelace broke off .
and he doesn't look happy .
he was running for the bus .
but it was driving off .
and then he gotta school .
and he was late .
I am going to call this story the aliens and the kids .
there were some aliens that came down from outer space .
and they had a dog named Goofoff .
and they were looking around .
this girl named Carly and this boy named Cody were walking along .
the girl Carly wanted to go over there and say hi to them .
the boy Cody was trying to hold her back because he was afraid .
he was holding her so bad that her wrist started to hurt .
and she kept on running and running .
finally he let go .
and she went over there .
and she said hi to them .
and they said hello how are you doing today ?
can I find a house ?
they showed the family a house next door to them .
and they were cooking once .
and they forgot to turn off the oven .
and their house started on fire .
so they hadta call nine hundred eleven and get the police to come over and the fire engines .
and then the family next door with Cody and Carly they told them that there was a house for sale downtown .
okay .
after school their mom asked them where do you wanna go and eat ?
both said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Jeffrey <> said I wanna cheeseburger and some fries and a large vanilla shake .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and then she finally knew what she wanted .
and then it was a chocolate icecream cone fries and chicken nuggets .
and the cashier said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and her mom <> went for her purse .
and then she <> saw that she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
he woke up late for school because his alarm clock told him .
and he <> went to the kitchen looked at the clock and was fixing his breakfast .
and milk poured everywhere on it .
and then he got dressed tied his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
and then he went outside .
and then the bus already had left .
and he he went to school .
and a principal or a teacher said that you're late and was kind of stressed with him .
yeah .
hm: .
one time there was a alien ship that was going down on vacation .
and it came down .
and there was two human beings playing at this park .
and then one of the human beings saw it .
and there were strange heads and lots of legs and there was a doggie that looked really weird .
and +...
uh I don't know .
that's all .
that's probably all my story .
no .
that was hard .
on tuesday &*INV:mhm when Lisa and Ronald left from school their mother asked we're going all out to eat .
where would you like to eat ?
Lisa and Ronald yelled Mcdonalds !
so then they both jumped in the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa still didn't know what she wanted a Big_Mac or a Kid_Meal .
when they went to the counter Ronald and their mother already knew what to buy .
Ronald asked I'd like a cheeseburger fries and vanilla shake .
mom said I'll have a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said I'll like chicken nuggets french fries an icecream cone and a coke .
the man then said okay that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached into the purse it was gone .
she realized she left it on on the counter at home .
one morning jack woke up with a disaster day .
he realized he was so close to being late for school .
he got out of bed .
and he did not put on his pajamas yet .
he fixed breakfast .
but he made a big mess .
he cleaned it up .
and then he ate breakfast .
and it was even later .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace just snapped off .
he tied them back together .
and then he tied on his shoes .
and then he got it .
and then he went outside .
but then he forgot his backpack .
so he went inside .
then he got his backpack .
then he went outside .
and then the school bus left without him .
he ran to school .
and then once he gotta school his teacher was pointing at her watch and saying you're late .
and then the boy said because a lot of problems happened .
one day jack and Madison went out to the park .
they were off .
and then jack said look at that sun !
and then Madison what sun ?
that sun's just yellow .
he said no that sun !
and he thinks there's two suns ?
and then all of a sudden it looked like a football shape .
then when he said hey what do you xxx ?
they wanna play xxx some big boys .
and then they're like oh no an alien ship !
and then Madison's like cool !
and then the the door opened up .
and then the father mother and the child and the daughter and the pet dog went outside .
the <> child was still trying to get in the ship .
jack said come on !
let's get out of here !
and and Madison was like hold your horses !
I wanna meet them because she thought they might be humans .
and she said hold your horses .
I wanna see those people because she thought those were real human beings .
then she goes ahahah@c and then runs up ahahah@c !
and then xxx xxx those are aliens !
come on !
get out_o(f) here !
she was like no way !
will you count all those feet on ?
<> look how many feet they have !
yeah so maybe they're just halloween costumes .
well come on !
let's get out_o(f) here !
no way !
I wanna stay here still .
the end .
on tuesday hm: .
hm: .
they wanted to go out to eat .
hm: .
xxx I don't remember the story very much .
Lisa ordered a happy meal and and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then they ended up with the purse left at home on the counter .
early one morning Jake woke up .
he saw that he was late for school and <> hurried to eat his breakfast .
when he was trying to tie his shoes for school one of the shoelaces broke .
when he finally had his shoelaces fixed he went outside to catch the schoolbus .
but it was already leaving .
when he gotta school the teacher asked where have you been ?
he said he was late for school and didn't get there in time .
one day a family went to the park to have a picnic .
the kids over playing on the the swings when the mom and dad saw a spaceship .
out of it came four aliens a dog a little girl a mom and a dad .
the spaceship left right after the four aliens got off .
the mom wanted to go see the dog because she thought it was cute .
but the dad wanted to keep her back .
<> they went to go show their kids .
but when they got back it was gone .
the kids thought they were lying and went back to play .
the children buy a happy meal &*INV:mhm a icecream cone and a coke .
it was ten dollars .
no there's some more .
the mom lost her purse at home on the table counter .
the the kid have a happy meal like her sister have a milkshake and fries .
that's the all I know .
the kid wake up early .
him bell ring .
and when he wake up in the morning he went to <> the kitchen to serve cereal .
and he pulled the milk on the table kitchen .
and when he tie his shoes him tieslace@c broke .
and when he went to the busstop he missed the bus .
and he walk to school .
and his teacher say you are late .
there some squares these [% tapping on page] .
[>] .
[>] three squares and tables and some bushes by the trees and some some flowers on the ground and some leafs on top of it like something on the trees and the airplane .
this one [% tapping on page] this is the airplane .
now it's blasting off .
and then this one say byebye .
see you next year .
never be you never see you .
and you pull this thing up .
and him fall down .
and the brother and the sister and the mother and the daddy .
and there's a girl .
and somebody went from there to here .
well there's grass people one is black and some are purple with blue spots and a airplane grass and trees and bushes and flowers .
it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
they went to Mcdonalds .
uh huh .
seven they got icecream .
yeah .
should I start here ?
he's waking up .
then he went to the kitchen and had some food .
five then he got his shoes on .
six and the shoelace broke .
four then he went outside to get on his bus .
but he missed the bus stop .
then he went to school .
no .
okay .
there was a girl and a boy .
there is a girl and a boy .
twelve and they were in the bushes .
no .
okay but I can't remember the whole thing .
as soon as Raymond and um (6.) the little girl got home from school their mother said we're going to eat out tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and both of the children yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
three the girl couldn't make up her mind .
mother and Raymond knew what they wanted .
the mother said I will have a salad with a drink .
Raymond said I am going to have a hamburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the girl finally made up her mind .
she said I want a hamburger with ketchup and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said will that be all ?
they said yes .
and he said it will be twelve fifty .
when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
ah no .
better think about this one .
thirty six I think I'm ready now .
there once was a boy who hadta be up by six thirty .
he looked at his clock .
and it was seven o'clock .
he slept in .
so he ran downstairs poured his milk ate his breakfast very quickly .
when he got dressed his shoelace broke .
he missed the school bus .
then he ran to school and was late .
okay .
let's see if I can remember my story .
one day there was a boy and a girl playing tag in the park .
the boy was it .
and the girl was running from him .
just then an alien spaceship landed on the earth .
an alien family came out and talked a language they did not know .
after about a week the aliens decided to go back home .
the girl wanted to touch them .
but the boy wouldn't let her .
when they left they forgot their pets .
so the next day they came back and took their pet with them .
then they flew off into space again .
and lived happily ever after on their own planet .
they came home from school .
[<] their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
mhm .
and she said where do you wanna go ?
and Lisa and Raymond shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then their mom drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they got inside .
[<] they were walking inside .
and then they got inside .
Raymond knew what he wanted to eat .
and his mom knew what she wanted to eat .
and then +...
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
[<] thought and thought about it .
and then she ordered &*INV:mhm a happy meal a chocolate icecream &*INV:mhm and a chocolate milkshake and a happy meal .
and the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and (7.) +...
and then she reached down to her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she realized she left it at home on the counter .
this guy's name is gonna be Ron .
[<] .
Ron &*INV:mhm woke up one morning .
at +...
Ron was asleep um xxx xxx .
Ron woke up .
and he figured out that he overslept when his alarm went .
next he went downstairs and poured his cereal .
but he wasn't looking at his thing when he was doing the cereal .
he looked at the clock .
then he spilled almost all of the milk that he had poured in the bowl .
and then he hadta clean it up .
next he went upstairs and got dressed .
[>] then <> he started to tie his shoe .
he was tying his shoe when all of a sudden the string broke .
and then he hadta tie it with a little tiny weeny string .
and then he was all ready to go .
and then he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then when he gotta school he saw his teacher outside .
and he was tardy .
so Ron was really having a bad day .
the boy's name is gonna be David .
the girl's name is gonna be lily .
lily not xxx .
David and lily were walking in the park .
and they saw a big saucer coming .
um I forgot his name already .
&*INV:mhm David said look at that saucer .
so lily look at that saucer .
they thought it could be a big meteorite instead .
it started slowing down when it came to the earth .
then it came down and landed on the earth .
and then a door came flying down .
then David and lily knew that it was an alien <> saucer .
so then they went and hid behind some brushy bushes and <> peered over the top .
and and they saw the door open .
and then they saw these little figures coming out .
they saw one leg two leg three legs four legs five legs <> lots of legs coming out of the things .
they knew that it would be alien .
so the aliens +...
so they hid because they have all these little dots over them .
and they look like chickenpox .
and they had this weird dog an alien dog .
and then they land .
and then lily started to run over to try to meet them .
but but David said no wait they could hurt us .
they're not from our land .
they're from mars I think or from another galaxy .
so +...
but lily didn't pay any attention .
she just kept on trying to meet them .
and then lily finally listened .
she didn't go to meet them because they looked weird .
but they had nice smiles .
so then they went home .
and so the next day they came back .
and the aliens also were still there .
and so they wondered why it would stay here .
and they wondered where the aliens were .
and they looked all around .
and then they finally saw that they were eating the picnic .
and then they they watched them go and play on the playground .
and then they fell asleep .
so Elaina and David <> looked in the alien saucer .
looked like nothing was there .
except on the other side there was probably something .
they went in and looked on the other side .
they saw that there was nothing .
and they saw this big red button .
and then they saw all these weird curves on the side .
so they knew that at last they hadta push the red button for the stuff like the chair to be and the guns and all the other stuff .
<> and so that they now roll why that's where all the stuff went .
so now they know that they're hiding it because they don't want anybody to take off in their ship while they're still here .
so that's why they hid it .
so then right when they got out they hid in the bushes again .
then they were starting to wake up .
and then they went back on their alien saucer and went back and got some drinks .
and and then they came back out .
and there they saw the weird dog again .
and there was many many many legs and those green spots on their faces .
and then Elaina jumped up from behind the brush and started to run towards the aliens again .
but David said no no no no wait wait .
we don't know any of them .
and Elaina didn't pay any attention .
so she just kept on trying to meet them .
and then David pulled her back .
and she fell on her bottom .
so did David .
and then they went over and had a picnic .
and then they went back into the playground .
and they took a nap .
and they keeps on going over and over again .
and that's all .
one day Raymond and Lisa's mom came to pick them up in school .
and she said where would you like to go out to dinner .
and Lisa and Bryan said Mcdonalds .
so they got out of the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
Bryan picked the cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake .
the mom picked a salad with a coke .
and finally Lisa decided what she was going to pick .
she picked a cheeseburger with a vanilla icecream cone .
then the clerk said that would be twelve dollars please .
and then the mother looked down .
but she couldn't find her purse .
then she remembered that she had left it at home .
one day john was having a very difficult day .
his alarm clock woke him up too early .
at breakfast time the <> milk carton broke open and spilled all over the floor .
and he got all wet and hadta change again .
then when he was tying his shoes he was tying it too tight .
his shoelaces broke .
so he hadta go find some new string and put it through .
that made him late for the bus .
he finished tying his shoes just as the bus left the bus <> stop .
oh well john said .
I guess I'll hafta walk .
so john walked all the way to school .
when he finally reached school the teacher said you're fifteen minutes late .
john told this story of what happened about his difficult day .
one day Jake and Sally were walking in the woods when they heard something landing .
we might be close to an airport said Sally .
and she peeked around the bush .
she didn't see a plane .
she saw a spaceship .
then she saw weird people coming out .
well those must be octopus she said .
and she ran over to see them .
no Jake cried .
and he ran after her .
but he didn't wanna go out in front of those creatures .
but Sally went out .
when she went to talk to them Jake noticed something happening to Sally .
she was turning into one of them .
her skin was turning purple .
she was getting lots more likes .
I've gotta save her Jake thought .
he ran all the way back home .
he called the police .
and he called his mother and father .
and they all ran .
now Sally was a real alien .
and now she was climbing back into the spaceship with the aliens .
before they could reach the spaceship the spaceship took off .
and Sally was gone .
everybody in the whole country got on a spaceship and rocketed right after it .
soon they landed on a planet mars .
they could <> see Sally because they recognized her clothes .
they ran up to her .
then Jake saw something on the ground .
it was a message .
it said the only way to release the person .
you must bring them back to the land .
you must give us some of your treasure .
so Jake took his own <> mini spaceship back down .
he collected as much money as he could .
and he got back into his spaceship and rocketed off .
he didn't wanna get close to the aliens .
so he got a long long net and put the money in it .
then he pushed it through the window of the alien's house .
the aliens took it and released Sally .
she came out looking like the alien .
but when he reached her she turned back .
they climbed back in the spaceship and then went back down to earth .
the boy and the girl wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom said first she said we're going out to eat .
and then she said where do you wanna go ?
I wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and then the children quickly got in their car .
and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and then the girl said I want an icecream cone and chicken and soda .
and that's all .
and then the man said that will cost twenty twenty dollars and fifty cents .
and then her mother left the purse in the kitchen .
and they drove back home and took the purse .
and then they drove back to Mcdonalds .
when Sam woke up he went to the kitchen and make a pancake .
and then the egg broke .
and the milk got on the egg .
and then he went walking to school waiting for the bus .
and he was tying his shoes .
and then he ripped his shoes .
and he was sad .
and then the bus came .
and he was running to tell him to stop .
and then he gotta school but without the bus .
and then his teacher said why are you so late .
you cannot come in this school no more .
and then his family was sad .
a ship came from up from the moon .
and then they were <> eating .
and then the father's daughter whacked her daughter because she cannot go with them .
and then they were coming back from the ship .
and then they were flying back .
they were xxx and the mother and her daughter and dog .
and then they landed back to the moon .
Lisa and Raymond asked .
her mother <> said that they were going to eat out .
and she asked them where do you guys wanna eat out ?
then they both yelled Mcdonald .
and then they drove to Mcdonald .
they walked into the restaurant .
and Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then Raymond asked for a I don't know .
and the mom asked for a Big_Mac with a I don't know what kind she wanted .
and Lisa made up her mind .
and she wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the money money was twelve fifty .
and she looked inside her purse .
and she couldn't find the money which she left on the kitchen floor .
okay the boy he got up from bed .
he looked at the time .
and it was very late .
and he was having a bad day .
so he spilled his milk .
and he is looking at the clock .
and he was trying to go so fast with tying his shoes that he ripped his laces .
and the bus went out without him to school .
and the teacher she got mad at him because she is looking at her clock .
and she is just saying you're late .
some aliens came from outer space .
they came out .
then the dad is all look aliens .
and then the girl she wants to go and see them .
and the aliens are petting their dog or something .
and <> they are probably saying we come in peace .
they are at the park .
and the aliens are probably moving .
and she really wants to see the aliens .
the girl Lisa wanted a chocolate icecream cone and chocolate milkshake .
and mom ordered a salad .
and the mom left her purse at home .
that's it .
he's in bed and the alarm clock ring .
he hadta get up for school .
and when he was trying to get cereal he didn't look at the bowl when he was pouring the milk .
and it spilled .
and then he was trying to tie his shoe .
and the lace broke .
and he was after the bus .
and he missed his bus .
and then he was late because he hadta leave for school .
and he hadta walk to school .
the end .
these two kids were teenagers looked behind this bush .
and there was aliens .
and the woman wanted to go say hi .
but the boy didn't .
so they went and that's it .
uhuh .
the kids came home from school .
and their moms asked where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and the little girl didn't know what to order for .
but the mom and Raymond knew what to order .
and (9.) (6.) Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french fries and a big milkshake .
and and the little girl asked for a a burger and french fries a chocolate ice cream cone .
and the worker said it will be twelve dollars and twenty nine cents .
and when the mom reached out she didn't have her purse .
he woke up .
and (7.) what happened ?
he woke up .
he looked at the clock .
and he spilled the milk .
<> he got dressed and put his shoes on and broke his shoelace .
and then he got outside .
first put on his backpack then run outside .
and he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
first xxx the spaceship landed .
she saw .
and he saw .
and he was so scared .
and <> she couldn't wait to xxx them .
so she went by herself .
she met them .
and they had snacks food and drinks xxx .
she petted the little xxx .
and that girl xxx girl and said hello .
and then the boy came .
and then xxx xxx one .
then it was almost dark .
and they had a party .
and then they watch the sunset .
and they had a sleepover .
and then the next morning they said goodbye because they hadta leave .
when the mom got home on a tuesday night she asked the children that they were gonna go out for dinner that night .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Raymond ordered a cheeseburger +...
um I forget .
uh what should I say ?
: should I just say that and go on to this one ?
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone .
that's all I remember .
and then the person said that it was twelve dollars and ninety cents .
and the mother reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
and then she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter at the house .
once upon a time there was a boy named Ronald .
and he woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he was gonna be late for school if he didn't get ready fast .
and then he had cereal .
and he accidentally spilled the milk .
and then when he tried to tie his shoes the shoelace broke .
and when he tried to catch the bus it <> went to school before he could get on it .
and then when he gotta the school the person at the door told him that he was late .
and he hadta get to class .
the end .
once upon a time there were two kids .
and they went off looking somewhere .
and when they came to a clearing they saw a big u_f_o and aliens coming out of it with luggage .
and the little girl wanted to go out and say hi .
but the boy said that she should stay back and tried to get away .
but the girl held on to his wrist and pulled him into the clearing .
and they said hi to the aliens .
and the aliens were scared .
so they went back into the u_f_o .
and they flew away .
the end .
the mom tells the kids that they were going to eat out tonight .
and the kids shout Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Brooke ordered cheeseburger <> large vanilla shake .
the mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone a Big_Mac and soda .
and the clerk said that's twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom reached in her purse .
and she didn't see it because she left it on the counter .
one day a a boy woke up and noticed he was late .
he looked at the clock when he was pouring his cereal and spilled it .
he tied his shoes as quick as possible .
and he ran out .
and the school bus left .
he walked to school .
and the teacher told him that he was late .
one time a boy and girl went to the park and saw aliens .
and the boy told told the girl to to stop .
but the girl didn't listen .
and then the girl came and went out and waved at the alien .
the kids just got out of school .
and then they walk home .
and then her mother said I'm hungry .
where should we eat ?
and there were two kids .
the two kids to Mcdonalds .
and they went .
and they opened the door .
and they ordered some food .
and the clerk said that how much money was it .
the clerk said that the money was it .
and their mom didn't have enough money .
this boy <> woke up <> on his bed .
and then he got up .
and then he went to the table and got some cereal .
but he dropped his milk on the table .
and then he got ready and went .
and then his shoelaces ripped .
and and then he was running for the bus .
and and then he walked all the way to school .
some aliens came from space .
and then this girl saw them .
and then the the boy hold her hand say stop .
then the girl hold his hand .
and then the boy didn't wanna go over there because he thought <> those aliens were dangerous .
and the aliens had a alien dog .
and the girl and the boy were hiding on the bushes .
and then the boy alien came out .
and then he saw them .
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mother asked <> we're going out tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both said Mcdonalds .
their mom got in their car and drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
when they finally gotta the counter +/.
I forgot the rest .
I can't remember anything else .
one day Sam woke up .
and he had a terrible headache .
he couldn't think .
and when he went down to breakfast he couldn't think so good that he spilled the milk on his hand .
when he was tying his shoes the shoelace broke .
and when he got out the door he looked for the bus .
he looked to his right .
and he saw that the school bus was already going down the street .
he started to run to the school bus as fast as he can .
but the school bus was too fast .
when he gotta school he was late .
one day two kids <> went to the park and looked behind the bushes .
they saw a big yellow and orange spacecraft .
they looked what was coming out of it .
they saw aliens come out of it .
the girl wanted to go out .
and the boy pulled her back .
and then they went back home .
