one day Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mom said they're gonna to eat out .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat .
so they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then they ordered .
then they went in .
and they ordered the food .
and the clerk said how much it was .
and the mom told them that she forgot her purse .
okay .
one day a boy woke up .
he was running late .
he ran downstairs and was too busy looking at the clock .
he spilt his milk .
he got dressed and put his shoes on .
but his shoe lace snapped off .
he he ran out .
and he missed the bus .
he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school his teacher was very mad that he was late .
he he told her what happened .
one day a brother and sister wanted to go for a walk .
they they were walking in the forest .
and the boy and the girl saw a strange looking dog .
the girl liked dogs so she was going over to touch it .
but the boy said no you can't go over there because they're strange aliens there .
she didn't notice them .
she just kept looking .
the boy grabbed her hand +...
the girl grabbed his hand and took him with her .
they they met +...
the alien said hi .
and they had a picnic .
and the aliens told them that they were just new here .
and they needed someone to show them around .
so the girl and the boy offered to show them around and have a picnic together .
the end .
on tuesday the the kids came home .
and the mom said where would you like to go eat ?
and and the kids yelled at Mcdonalds .
and so the mom drove to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered cheeseburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and [% cough] Lisa couldn't decide which order to a happy meal or a <> Big_Mac .
and so she finally decided .
and she said I want a happy meal coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the mom said she would like a salad .
and that all cost twelve dollars .
so when the mom reached to her purse the twelve dollars wasn't there .
so so <> she left it on the kitchen counter .
once a boy he just got up to go to school .
and his alarm clock rang .
and then he spilled his milk when he was tryin(g) to eat cereal .
then <> when he went to go tie his shoes his lace broke .
he got out of the house .
and then his mom said be good at school .
and then he walked to the busstop .
and then the bus left without him .
and all the kids ran into the school .
and then the bell rang .
and then it was at two hours later .
and the little boy came .
and the teacher said you are too late .
you go to detention .
once there was a boy and a girl .
and they they were behind a bush .
an alien ship came down .
and then the dog started barking .
and then the aliens knew that there was people looking at them .
and so they got the girl .
and they took her to the spaceship .
<> another day later the parents put signs up .
and then the last time the boy went on the spaceship with them .
and then when they came out first they started to look weird and then weirder and then the weirderest@c .
and then their mom said go back with the aliens .
and the dog went with the parents .
and then those parents took care of it .
&=laughs and then they lived happily ever after .
on tuesday afternoon Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mom said that they could go out somewhere .
but I don't know .
and their mother asked them where they wanted to go .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped into the <> car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
they went into the restaurant .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but <> her brother and her mother knew what they wanted .
the clerk asked Raymond what he wanted .
and he said he wanted a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate sundae [% giggles] .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa then decided she wanted a happy meal .
and then their mother reached down to take her purse and realized that she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
one day a boy named Matt woke up .
he realized something had fallen on his head [% child laughs] .
and it was his alarm clock .
he realized he he was late .
so he went to the breakfast table to start pouring his milk .
when he poured his milk it all started dripping out of the bowl .
then he looked up at the clock and thought I'm late oh no .
then he decided to put on his shoes .
he tried to tie his shoelace when it broke .
now he was frustrated .
then he decided to just run and catch the school bus before he was really late .
so he grabbed his backpack .
and he started to run .
but by the time he reached the school bus had already started .
soon when he reached school tired and unhappy he came walking up the steps when the teacher pointed to to her clock and said you're late .
the end .
one day on a saturday evening a girl named Jasmine and her brother decided to go take a walk in the park .
when they did they found a different path .
the brother and the sister decided to take it .
then they found aliens with lots of feet all coming out from something that looked like a hotel .
there were benches and trees just like anywhere else .
but they didn't look like very nice people .
the sister decided to go and say hi .
but the brother thought this was not a very good idea .
and so but the sister dragged him into it anyway .
the alien +...
but the brother still stayed behind .
the sister took <> her chances .
she went .
and she said +...
the aliens screamed with horror .
and they ran away .
the brother ran away too because he was scared .
then the girl thought oh well maybe next time .
but then before she left she found a little leg on the floor .
[^ laughs] I'm just making this up .
and she took it home .
and her parents said what in the world is this ?
she's like it's an alien leg I found on the floor .
soon their parents went to the path leading to where they had seen the aliens .
and they saw it .
they saw the beautiful spaceship and people coming out of it .
then the spaceship left .
and they never saw it again .
the end .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother told them they're going out to eat .
and she asked them what store they wanna go to .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
her brother ordered a vanilla shake hamburger .
and their mother <> ordered a salad .
then Lisa made up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
and the clerk said that that was twelve fifty .
when her mother reached out to get her purse she said oh no I forgot it on the counter back home .
one day a boy named Ryan woke up .
and he woke up late because his alarm clock he forgot to set it at night .
and it didn't go off .
and he rushed to get his breakfast .
and since he was almost late for school he rushed <> through breakfast and spilled milk .
then he broke his shoelace when he was tying his shoes <> because he didn't wanna be late for the school bus .
and when he was done he left to the bus stop .
and he saw that the bus was leaving .
and he ran after it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and then he finally came to school because he was running .
and his teacher said that he is five minutes late .
there once was a boy and a girl named Daniel and Karina .
and they were going out through the woods so they could pick some berries .
and they heard some sounds over there .
and they were wondering what it is .
so they went behind a bush .
and they were peeking .
and they saw a spaceship just landed there and some strange looking people coming out .
and Karina said those are aliens !
and Daniel didn't believe her .
he said but there's no such thing as aliens .
and she said look for yourself .
and he saw .
and he was afraid .
then the aliens heard them .
and they came over to see what was happening .
and Karina and Daniel were afraid .
so instead of running they tried to tell them what happened .
and the aliens understood .
and the aliens told Karina and Daniel to promise to keep this a secret .
so when they went home they kept it a secret .
and they didn't tell .
I can't remember the brother's name .
one day Lisa and Tommy came home from school .
and their mother asked where they wanted to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so when they got there Lisa wasn't sure if she should buy a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mother already knew what they were going to order .
Raymond was going to get a vanilla milkshake and a meal .
and her mother was going to buy a salad .
finally Lisa decided she'd buy a <> happy meal and a coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
then the cashier said it would be twelve fifty .
when their mother looked for her purse to get the money she noticed it wasn't there .
one day a boy woke up late .
he looked at his alarm clock .
it seemed like it hadn't gone off .
when he tried to make breakfast he still wasn't dressed .
and he had milk <> everywhere .
when he was dressed and he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then on his way to the bus he was <> running .
it was a long run .
but finally when he got there the bus had just left .
he followed the bus all the way to school .
when all the kids had already gotten to school the lady was standing outside waiting for him .
she asked him <> what time it was and what had happened .
one day a girl and a boy were walking through the woods .
then they came to a a clearing .
they saw this big <> spaceship .
they had no clue what was in it .
then all of a sudden it opened up .
then weird things started to come out of it .
they had no clue what they were .
they wished they had a camera and things with them <> so they could prove to other people in the town that people from outer space were moving in .
but the <> boy thought it wasn't a good idea .
but the girl wanted to go meet the new people .
the boy stopped her just in time before the aliens from outer space came to talk to the girl and boy .
the kids had just gotten home from school .
and their mother asked where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out if she wanted the Big_Mac or the happy meal .
so they gotta the counter .
and Lisa finally made up her mind to get the happy meal and a large vanilla shake and a chocolate icecream .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a large vanilla milk shake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and she reached to get the twelve dollars .
but she didn't have it .
and she remembered that she left the purse at home on the Couter .
the horrible day .
and one mourning Sammy woke up .
and his alarm clock was five minutes late .
and then he went downstairs for his cereal .
and the milk came out all at once and spilled all over the counter .
so he hadta clean that up .
and that made him even later .
and then he went to tie his shoes .
and the shoelace broke .
so he hadta go tape it .
and then when he finally got out the door the bus was just leaving .
and his teacher hated it when he was late .
so he hadta run all the way to school as fast as he could .
and when he gotta school his teacher was upset with him .
and he hadta stay for detention .
the orange space ship .
one day Jesse and Michael were walking through in the Greenville .
and they heard <> puffing sound .
and Jesse wanted to go see what it was .
and so they went .
and they saw the aliens .
and there were four aliens and a dog alien .
and Jesse wanted to go meet them .
but Michael thought it was a horrible idea in_case they were diseased or bad .
and they ended up going to meet them .
and then Jesse and Michael showed them around the town .
and they had lunch together .
and they found out that they were good aliens .
and Michael learned that he shouldn't believe something's bad because of how it looks .
Jesse didn't really learn anything .
she knew about that rule .
Raymond and Lisa's mom decided to go out .
she asked Raymond and Lisa where they wanted to go to .
and Raymond and Lisa both said Mcdonalds .
they hoped into the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
<> she wanted a hamburger with fries or a happy meal .
Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted to have .
when they gotta the clerk Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and his mom wanted a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal with a coke and and a chocolate icecream cone .
it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
that's what the clerk said .
and Raymond and Lisa's mom reached to get her purse .
but she knew it wasn't there .
she left it at the house on the kitchen counter .
a guy woke up one morning and figured it was eight o'clock .
and he hadta get ready .
and he went down to the kitchen to pour some breakfast .
he spilled the milk .
and so he probably hadta clean that mess up .
he got dressed .
and when he was tying his shoe his shoelace broke .
and so he probably hadta repair that .
and then he tried to catch the bus .
but he was late .
the bus already left .
and it was on its way .
and he was like stop .
then he gotta school .
and the teacher's like why are you late ?
and it looks like he didn't say anything .
he didn't .
one day Sara and Tom were going to a picnic .
but when they were going back home they saw aliens .
and Sara wanted to go go see them .
but Tom yelled no and then tried to get back .
but she kept on going and going and going .
and then the aliens got them and took them back to Planet_Xxx .
and they lived badly ever after .
the end .
it was xxx came from from school .
and their mom said that they were gonna go out and eat .
and the mom said where were they going to eat .
and the kids said Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and the girl didn't know what to order .
and when they gotta the counter they they knew what to order .
the kid ordered a cheeseburger and fries and a milkshake .
and their mom ordered salad .
and the girl ordered a happy meal &*INV:mhm and fries and a chocolate icecream .
and when the lady said it was twelve twelve fifty &*INV:mhm nine or something .
when her mom <> reached in the bag &*INV:mhm the money wasn't there .
and she said that <> she left it in the kitchen .
at home .
it was in the morning when the um +...
do I hafta say a name or +...
there was a xxx xxx a boy that woke up late .
and then he was seeing the clock .
and and he was pouring milk in his plate .
and the milk was all falling down .
and when he was putting his clothes and tying his shoe one of the strings broke .
and he was mad .
and then when he left the house when going for the bus the bus left him .
and he hadta walk home by hisself .
and then when he gotta the school the teacher was waiting for him or the principal .
I don't know .
he was coming in .
and the teacher or principal told him why was he late .
and then he told her why .
and he had a bad day .
there was +...
oh wait are these octopuses ?
okay .
there was a story that octopuses came to the ground .
and then a girl wanted to see them .
and the boy didn't wanna .
he was scared of it .
but the girl really really wanted to see them .
and it was her mom octopus women .
and it ran .
and it xxx girl with their dog .
the dog was an octopus too .
and then last he wasn't really scared and ran to meet them .
and then they left but the octopuses octopuses left back because the octopus scared the people .
and then they left .
and then they never came back .
and that's how the story happened .
one day when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom asked what would you like for dinner .
and they told her Mcdonalds .
they both said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
then when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't figure out what to order .
but then [% whispers] Raymond would decide that he would have [% whispers] .
can't remember +...
and after he got done his mom ordered salad .
but Lisa finally decided that she would have a happy meal coke and then icecream cone .
it all came down to twelve fifty .
so then their mom reached for the purse .
and <> she looked .
and her purse wasn't there .
and then she <> realized that it was siting on her bed at home .
one day a little boy named Johnny was sleeping for school .
but then when his alarm clock <> rang he was too tired to get up .
the time was clicking .
and he was late .
so then Johnny went to go pour himself some cereal .
but then he made himself some cereal in the kitchen .
but then he was looking somewhere else while he was pouring his cereal .
and he dropped his milk all over the kitchen table .
but then the time was clicking some more .
he started to go put on his shoes and clothes .
but then when he was trying to tie his shoes too fast <> one of a shoelaces broke off .
Johnny felt really sad .
but then the time that he got his backpack and everything was right he raced to the school bus .
but the school bus was already gone .
it had gone to school already .
then Johnny hadta run to school .
when he gotta school she said Johnny you're late .
go get a late slip .
because she was principal .
that was the office that he was going in to get his late slip .
then he went to go get his late slip .
and he went to class .
the end .
one day a boy named David and a girl named Lisa went to the park .
they played and played in the forest everywhere they could .
but then they stopped by some trees .
then David stopped by some trees .
because David saw a airplane .
and didn't know what the airplane was what it was carrying or anything .
then Lisa asked David if we should go open it .
but then before David could say no the door opened slowly .
something came out .
and David didn't know what it was .
but Lisa knew exactly what it was .
she told him they were Martians aliens whatever she could .
but David didn't know if Lisa was right .
then the whole family came out .
even there was a dog .
and then Lisa went out to see the Martians or whatever they were .
and David pulled her back and said no no .
but she didn't listen .
then there was a mom of the martian family a dad of the martian family a little girl <> and a dog .
they all met .
and they started getting along .
then they hadta go back home .
and Lisa and David didn't know what to do .
so Lisa asked that they can come with us if she can go with them .
and David's like uhuh .
we gotta go back home .
mom would be mad .
and Lisa said I don't care .
but the martian family said uhuh .
you're mom cares too much about you guys .
you should stay .
because your mom would be totally worried .
so they got back in the airplane .
and they all said goodbye .
the airplane door closed very slowly .
and it blasted off back to where the Martians came from .
Lisa was tired .
so she wanted to go back home .
David was scared .
because he didn't know what they were .
then as soon as they got home their mom asked where were you guys at ?
and David said we had a great adventure .
a better one that we ever had .
so then the mom asked what was it .
and David and Lisa told all about it .
then they got a good night sleep for the next day at the park .
the end .
I'll try .
and when they went to sleep they both had dreams about the Martians .
they wished that they were where the Martians were .
and they had good dreams and bad dreams about them .
that's all I can think of .
it was tuesday night and Lisa and Raymond their mother asked we're going out .
and their mom asked what do you wanna eat .
and Lisa and Raymond yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond wanted a vanilla shake and and a cheeseburger and some fries .
and Lisa wanted a coke and a vanilla shake yeah .
and her mom reached to get her purse .
and she said it was at home .
the next day he looked at his alarm clock .
and he was late .
he went to get breakfast .
he spilled his milk .
then he got dressed <> tied his shoes .
and his shoelace broke .
then he went outside .
and he was late for school .
then he went to school .
then he gotta school .
and then he was late .
and his teacher was mad .
so she gave him detention .
the <> next morning Max looked at his alarm clock .
he was not late .
he got up poured his milk did not spill it .
he tied his shoes did not break his shoelace .
then he went outside .
he was not late for school .
then he gotta school .
his teacher was not mad .
he did not get detention .
one day Daniel and Alex were walking to the park <> which they always do .
they noticed something different that there was a big ship there .
they were wondering what <> it was .
so they walked up to it .
and they touched it .
then door opened .
they were very scared .
so they got behind a bush .
then out came these twelve legged people .
and they had a kid a mom and a dad and another kid .
they sat down and had lunch .
Alex was very interested about them .
but Daniel was very scared .
Alex got behind a tree by them .
and Daniel ran home .
the next day Alex told Daniel about everything .
and Daniel wished he was there .
their mother got home right after .
and then she asked her kids what do you want for supper ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they hoped into the car and gotta Mcdonalds .
and the boy ordered a vanilla icecream cone with a coke and a cheeseburger .
and then their sister ordered a chocolate milkshake .
and and their mother ordered a chocolate milkshake .
and the little girl wanted a a regular vanilla cone .
and then their mother said I forgot my purse .
there was a boy named Charlie .
he woke up this morning .
and he woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up too late .
and he tried to fix his cereal .
and the cereal spilled out of the bowl .
and he got dressed after that and tried to put on his shoes .
and tied one shoe correctly .
and the other shoe broke the string .
he wasn't having a good day at first .
so he went out and got his book back .
and got outside and waited for the bus .
he saw the bus go by and tried to run after it .
and he didn't get up to it .
and when he gotta school he was already ten minutes late .
and the teacher told him that you are late .
and he just said I just been having a bad morning .
Sam and Michael were walking .
and they were bored so they tried to go on for a walk to the park .
and when they got there they saw an object moving in the air .
and it got closer and closer .
and then all of a sudden they saw these people .
and they looked like big octopuses .
so they thought that it was .
and they looked like they were trying to move into here .
and they looked so weird .
so they tried to see what they were going to do and spy on them .
and so they saw them go into this place and just eat their lunch .
and they looked like they were coming on a campout .
so they said hello .
and they ate together .
and when they went back they told their mom and dad what day they had .
and their mom and dad said you guys have wild imaginations .
Lisa and Raymond were home .
and their mother came home .
and she asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said they did .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't make up her mind about what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a <> Happy_Meal .
and so her mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
so Raymond went up to the sales clerk and asked him <> if he could have a cheeseburger a soda and xxx and xxx .
mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind to get a happy meal .
and she asked for a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the sales clerk said that the price was gonna be twelve fifty <> the mother reached for her purse where she left it on the kitchen counter .
and +/.
I can't remember anything more .
Josh was so sleepy one day that he didn't wake up early enough to get ready for school .
so when he finally woke up he saw the alarm clock and got scared that he wasn't gonna make it to school .
so he tried to get some cereal .
but he kept on dropping the milk out of the bowl and overflowing the bowl .
and he kept on looking at the clock .
and then he put on his clothes .
and he tried to put on his shoes but he was so frustrated that he couldn't tie his shoes .
and his shoelaces broke .
and when he finally got outside to catch the school bus he was late for it .
and he hadta try to chase it .
but finally he gotta school .
and he was really late .
and his teacher gave him a late slip and told him that he hadta wait until after the pledges to go to class .
john and Michelle were having a fun time at the park one day when they were playing ball .
their ball flew over Michelle's head .
and it landed over the bushes .
they went to go get the ball .
but when they went over they saw that there was an alien family and a spaceship .
and Michelle wanted to go investigate them and say hello .
but her brother wouldn't let her .
so Michelle finally got away from her brother and went to go say hello .
and when she finally said hello she couldn't understand them .
and they didn't understand her .
so she she just left them behind got her ball and went back to play ball .
Lisa and Raymond asked their mother +...
after they got home from school their mother asked them we're gonna go out to eat tonight .
and then Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they ran outside and jumped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
when they came in Lisa didn't know if she wanted a happy meal or a big hamburger .
and Raymond and the mother knew what they wanted .
and then Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal .
the mother ordered a salad .
Raymond ordered the big hamburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa ordered happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the mother reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and then they hadta +...
and then that's all .
hm::m I can give the person a name too ?
okay .
one morning Sam woke up .
he was very sleepy and drowsy .
so he went to go make his breakfast .
he poured the cereal in .
but accidentally the milk overflowed and made some puddles .
so he cleaned it up .
then he was getting his clothes on .
he <> had broke his shoelace .
and he was very mad .
then he ran outside .
and the bus left him .
and then the principal was standing out at the school entrance .
she pointed at her watch and said you're late .
he walked in the school and sat down and done his morning work .
one afternoon Ashley and Alex and their family went camping .
and then Ashley and Alex got lost in the woods .
they found this park .
and then they saw <> five aliens in the park .
Ashley wanted to introduce herself .
Alex says no .
and then she grabs him and walks .
and they say hi .
and then he runs away .
and then she tries to go find him .
but she never found him .
so she played with the aliens and asked them to come again .
Lisa and Raymond went home .
and their mother asked them where wanted to eat .
at the same time they shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the front +...
and then the Raymond asked for cheeseburger french fries coke and a milkshake .
the mother asked for a salad .
Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
and she said happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
the mother reached for her purse .
and then wasn't there .
there was a boy .
and he was going to school .
when he left he ran home really fast to tell his mother that the next day there would be a play .
and his class would be doing the play .
and he had worked really hard for it .
he fell asleep .
and then when he woke up he saw the time .
it was really really late .
why didn't the alarm wake me up he wondered ?
oh well I don't have time to wonder now .
I hafta go .
so he ran out to the breakfast table .
he poured in cereal .
he poured in way too much .
so he hadta take out a lot .
and then he poured in the milk .
and it spilled all over .
he decided to skip breakfast .
he went to find his clothes .
he thought he had layed them out on the floor the other day .
but they weren't there .
he looked all over for them .
then he gave up .
he went to find some other clothes .
then he went to get his shoes .
then he remembered he had no socks on .
so he went to get his socks .
he couldn't find a a pair that matched .
so he just took two put them on and then put on his shoes .
as he was tying his right shoe the lace broke off .
and the other one fell +...
the lace broke off .
and the other one fell out .
he ran outside and ran to the bus stop .
the bus was leaving already .
so he hadta run to school .
when he got there teacher said you're late .
the play ended an hour ago .
where were you ?
and he explained what happened that morning .
and the teacher said that kind of thing happens all the time .
but next time ask your mother to wake you up if your alarm doesn't go off .
there was a boy and a girl .
and they were at the park .
they were playing soccer .
then the boy kicked the ball really high in the air .
it was high in the air really high above the trees .
and then it fell down far away .
they went to find it .
they didn't find it .
instead they found this big round object .
and they didn't know what it was .
then a door opened .
and some strange creatures came out .
what a wonderful place one of them said .
<> shall we put down our bags ?
the girl wanted to go out and see what they were .
but the boy said don't .
the girl went out anyway .
and the boy followed her .
the creatures didn't see them .
and they went into the big round object .
and then they heard the creatures coming back in .
they heard the door close .
they couldn't get out .
and they went out .
the girl went out to the creatures .
she wanted to get out .
the creatures saw her .
and the smallest creature ran up to her examined her then ran back to the others .
she said we needta get out .
we got trapped in here .
let us out of here .
the creature said how'd you get in here ?
and they told them what they had done .
and then the creatures let them out .
once they were safe away from the creatures the girl said look what I found .
it's one of their bags .
I took it from them .
let's go show mom and dad .
so they went .
on the way girl lost the bag .
she didn't realize it until she got home and after she had told her parents .
they decided to go back to the park to see the exact spot that it had happened .
they sort of did a replay of what had happened except with their parents this time .
they went +...
so the boy kicked the ball high in the air .
they lost the ball .
and they went to find the ball .
they did find the ball and the other ball but not the creatures .
and they wondered had this really happened or not .
the parents said you must have imagined it .
and the boy and the girl decided that everyday they came to the park they would try and find the creatures again .
but they never found them .
Lisa's mom asked we can eat out tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they shouted out Mcdonalds .
and so the mom and the kids jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order .
but but the brother and the mom did .
and so the brother ordered a Big_Mac french fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a a salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
and she decided she would get a happy meal french fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that would be twelve dollars .
and the mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she forgot to get it on the table when they left home .
what was the problem ?
a little boy got up for school one morning .
and he didn't +...
he got up really late .
so he rushed downstairs .
and it was eight o'clock .
and he poured the milk into his bowl .
but he was distracted looking at the clock .
and he poured too much .
and it dripped down the table .
then he got dressed .
and he hurried to put his shoes on .
and it snapped .
and then he hadta go and cut the other one to make it even .
so he ran outside .
but the school bus left .
so then he ran all the way to school .
and his teacher put him in detention for being late .
there once was a boy named Michael and a girl named Jenn .
and they were taking a walk .
and then they saw these big aliens .
one <> had pants and a yellow shirt and a purple jacket .
and another had a purple skirt and a purple top on .
and a little girl had a skirt on with a yellow shirt on .
and the dad was a lab with a little frizzball@c at the end .
and they were coming home from a family reunion because their great great great grandma just died .
and they came home .
and Jenn saw them .
and then Michael said no don't go .
they could be dangerous .
so they went home .
and they told their mom and their dad what they saw .
on tuesday um (5.) oh gosh (10.) +...
they went to Mcdonalds with their mom .
and they ordered theirself [: themselves] .
and it was twelve fifty .
and then their mom figured out she had left some purse on the counter in her house .
so they couldn't buy anything until she got it back .
a boy named bill woke up one morning and saw his clock and said <> he was late for school .
so he <> didn't get dressed .
so he went to the kitchen first and poured his milk all over the counter because he wasn't paying attention .
then he went back to <> his &=sighs room and put on his clothes .
and he broke his shoelace .
and <> he hadta go to school with a broken shoelace .
he ran outside grabbed his bookbag and ran outside .
then he saw that he had missed the bus from his bus stop .
he could see it way down there .
so he tried to wave and stop it .
but it wouldn't stop .
when he gotta school the teacher looked at him weirdly .
his hair was messed up .
he was out of breath .
and his teacher just couldn't think of what had happened to him that day .
one day there was two kids Jessica and bill .
they were walking down a trail until they came to a bush .
and Jessica looked through the bush and saw a big flying saucer .
it landed on the ground and out came a family of aliens .
the mother had the little child .
and the child had the dog .
and the father was carrying all the bags .
Jessica and bill wondered why they came here .
and Jessica wanted to go see them and talk to them .
but bill said no because they were aliens and not everything could happen .
and as they walked out of the saucer somebody waved goodbye and closed the back .
then they took their dog on a walk to the park .
and that's when Jessica finally found out that they didn't have a home .
so they tried to find a home for them .
but they couldn't .
so they just lived outside for the rest .
and nobody knew but Jessica and bill .
okay .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and <> their mother said we're gonna go out eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yell Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
but Raymond and his mother knew what they were going to get .
Raymond got a cheeseburger with a large vanilla milkshake and fries .
and his mother got a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind and got a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother forgot her purse .
Tommy forgot to set his alarm clock before he went to bed .
so when he woke up it was nine o'clock .
and school started at nine fifteen .
he tried to pour his milk .
but he was so worried that it spilled all over .
then <> he was in such a hurry to get on the bus he tied his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
he went out to the bus .
and the bus was leaving .
he was very worried .
he hadta walk to school .
and it took him fifteen minutes .
so he was late .
when he gotta school it was nine thirty .
and his teacher was mad .
once upon a time two kids went to the park .
while they were there they saw this strange looking thing .
they saw a a door open .
out walk some aliens .
Jennifer wanted to go see them .
but Todd didn't .
Todd was scared .
he didn't want anything to happen to Jennifer or <> himself .
but then Jennifer saw the aliens .
and they looked friendly .
so she pulled Todd .
so he could see them .
they were very friendly .
they made friends .
and they played at the park together .
the end .
once there were two kids .
and their mom told them they were going out to eat .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled at the same time Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and the mom knew what they wanted to eat .
but Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and and so she decided on one .
and they went up to the counter .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger .
their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted french fries and a big [% child laughs] vanilla shake .
and then the clerk said it'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and so [% child laughs] um I don't know +...
this boy wakes up .
and he looks like he might be late or something .
and he tries to pour his milk .
and he's hurrying so much .
and he's looking at the clock so much that he forgets to look at what he's doing .
and he spills the milk over .
and then he tries to tie his shoe .
and he's so frustrated and trying to hurry up that they break .
and then he he tries to run to school .
he tries to run to the school that the school bus stopped .
but the school bus has already left .
and the teacher is standing outside the class .
and he's late .
and she's telling him that he's late .
a boy and girl probably <> they were going on a picnic .
and then this thing lands in the grass .
and they don't know what it is .
so they run and go behind a bush .
and then they they peek over the bush .
and there's a family of aliens walking out or octopus aliens .
and then the girl looks like she wants to go out and meet them and stuff .
but the brother doesn't wanna .
he probably thinks it's too dangerous and stuff .
and the girl's trying to go out and meet them .
and the boy's holding on her back .
and the aliens have four people the mom the dad and the little sister and another one on a ship .
and then they have their dog .
and that's it .
okay .
Lisa and Raymond were at their house .
one day their mom came to them and said what do you guys want for dinner .
and they both <> yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond knew knew what he was gonna order .
and their mom knew what they were gonna order .
finally when they got there Lisa knew what she was gonna order .
Raymond ordered &*INV:okay a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and fries .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a coke a chocolate icecream cone and a happy meal .
and then when they were gonna pay their mom forgot the money .
and it was on the counter .
and <> so then they had a problem and stuff .
once a boy named jack woke up one morning .
and it was past time when he was sposta wake up .
and when he was getting ready for school he spilled his milk on the table .
and then when he was tying his shoes he broke his shoelace .
and so then when he went outside the school bus just left .
and when he gotta school the teacher said jack why are you late ?
and he said because when I woke up this morning it was past time when I was sposta wake up .
I spilled milk on the table .
and my shoelaces broke .
and I missed the bus .
and the teacher said that's okay because he missed the bus and stuff .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then he went inside and did everything .
once there was a boy named Jake and a girl named Michelle .
they were going to the park one day to have a picnic .
and they saw a family of aliens &*INV:mhm and their dog and a spaceship with some kind of writing on the top .
and Michelle wanted to go see who they are and what their names were .
but then Jake said no we shouldn't do that .
we don't know who they are .
and they're strangers .
but Michelle just went on .
and she went over to the dog .
and the dog started barking and bit her .
and so then she ran back .
they went to get their parents .
they all came down .
and the alien family walked over to them to talk to them .
and then they all became friends .
and I don't know .
yeah .
I'm not sure what else I think .
one day when Lisa and Raymond come home from somewhere their mom told them they were going out to eat .
she asked where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Raymond ordered something .
I forgot what .
their mom ordered a salad .
but but Lisa she didn't know what to get .
she finally decided that she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
so they said +...
so when they got ready to pay for it the person at the Mcdonalds said that they hadta pay twelve fifty .
but mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
so then that was the end of the story that you told .
Carlos was a clumsy child .
one morning when he got out of bed the alarm went off .
<> he bonked his head on <> his little table that was beside his bed .
and after that <> he had a headache .
after he bonked his head on his stool thing he decided to go make breakfast .
well he tried to make it .
but he spilled the cereal .
and he spilled the milk .
and I'm not sure what happened to the cereal .
he spilled that too .
so after that he got dressed .
<> nothing happened bad then .
so that was good .
<> then he went to put on his shoes .
when he was putting them on his shoelace broke .
he wasn't very happy .
<> so his mom hadta go find him a new shoelace .
so he hadta go to school .
so he ran out the door to catch the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
he hadta run to catch it .
and I don't think he made it .
well when he got at school he walked up the steps .
he was the last person to school .
when he was walking up the stairs the principal was there .
she was <> asking him why he was late .
he told him about <> the way his morning was .
and then she allowed him to go inside .
the end .
this story is going to be called The_New_Neighbors .
once there were two people named Kylie and Mitchell .
Kylie and Mitchell went to the same school .
they lived on the same road .
and they were best friends .
well one day they <> wanted to take a walk in the park .
but soon they were in the middle of the park .
they saw an alien spaceship landing with strange markings on it .
it was maybe twenty feet off the ground .
so they decided to hide and watch what was going to happen .
so then when the spaceship landed they were watching .
Kylie she saw some aliens come out with many legs .
and they were polka dotted .
she wanted to go see them .
<> but Mitchell said no you can't go see them .
what if they're dangerous .
and so she said you're right .
but let's go find out anyway .
so Kylie Kylie grabbed Mitchell by his hand and dragged him out to say hi .
it turned out that they were very nice .
<> the alien's little daughter was the same age Kylie and Mitchell were .
so they were friends from then on .
and they lived in the spaceship .
so sometimes Kylie and Mitchell went off onto the spaceship to play with their daughter whose name was Kara .
so Kara and Kylie and Mitchell were all best friends forever and ever until they died .
the end .
once there was a mom and a girl named Kathleen and a boy named Raymond .
and the mom said let's go out to eat tonight .
and they said yeah how about Mcdonalds ?
and then they packed up in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
the girl didn't know what she would order .
but Raymond wanted a chocolate milkshake and a cheeseburger .
and the mom ordered a Big_Mac .
I don't know .
and then the girl <> thought of what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal .
<> so the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and then the mom found out that she left her purse on the counter at home .
once there was a boy called Donald .
he got up in the morning .
and he got a good night's sleep .
but his head hurt .
he was really tired still .
he was trying to pour the milk into his cereal .
but the milk spilled all over the place .
then he he fixed it .
and he went to go tie his shoes .
but his shoestring broke .
he was trying to catch the bus after .
but he gotta the bus stop too late .
and he missed the bus .
he gotta school late .
and the teacher was sort of angry .
but she was okay with it .
he had a better day .
once there was a man and a girl .
the girl's name was Lina .
and the man's name was jack .
they were going to the park to have a picnic .
and then they saw something very strange in the sky .
it landed at the park .
these weird looking things were coming out .
they had a lot of legs and polka dots all over them .
they had a weird looking animal .
or is it an animal ?
Lina wanted to go see them .
but jack jack said no they might be aliens .
and then Lina was going to go say hi .
she ran and went to go say hi .
but then they said they were nice .
and they had a picnic together .
and they all went home .
when the kids got home from school the mom told them they're going to go out to eat tonight .
and the children said where ?
and the mom said at Mcdonalds .
and they gotta Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't <> remember what she wanted to eat .
and I forgot the mother's name .
mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa she wanted to figure out did she want a Big_Mac or a happy meal ?
when they went up to the counter Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger happy meal with a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom wanted a Big_Mac .
and Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a milkshake and a chocolate cone .
and when the man said it will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then when the mom realized she left her purse their purse wasn't there on the counter .
then she remembered she left it at home on the kitchen table .
one day the boy was late for school .
he was such in a rush he spilt his milk .
and his shoe ripped .
so he <> had probably to tie it .
and he was so late he missed the bus .
and then he was late for school .
one day some kids were playing at the park .
then they saw a weirdest thing come down .
it was a spaceship with aliens in it that wanna come at the park .
and the boy was scared .
but the girl wasn't .
the girl wanted to go meet them .
but the boy didn't wanna .
and when the aliens sitted down and ate their lunch they went back into their spaceship and went off .
one night Raymond and Lisa's mother asked where do you wanna go to dinner .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
[% child whispers] they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and Rita their mom already knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with vanilla shake .
and their mother ordered ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind and ordered a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a large coke .
then the <> store clerk told them that was twelve ninety five .
then then the mom realized that she forgot her purse at home .
then you asked me all those questions .
jack slept in and looked at his clock .
he was astonished .
he was so tired that he poured milk all over the place when he tried to pour his cereal .
he looked at the clock .
it was almost time to go to school .
when he got dressed his shoelaces fell out .
he was very mad .
then he missed the bus to school .
he hadta walk to school because it took a very long time .
the teacher scolded him for being late .
and he got a tardy slip .
the end .
Daniel and Mary were playing in the park .
and they saw this giant yellow <> sphere shaped thing come down .
they hid behind the bush .
then it opened .
it had strange markings all over it .
then weird people came out of it .
they looked like aliens because they were aliens .
they didn't look exactly like us but they wore the same clothes and had a dog .
they had purple spots all over them .
they were astonished .
Mary wanted to touch them and wanted to take Daniel with her .
but Daniel didn't wanna go .
so they just stared and stared and stared .
and they divided into two and kept on dividing until they controled the world .
and all the people died in the world .
the end .
Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to go to eat out that night .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not make up her mind on what she wanted to get .
but but Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted to get .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french fries and a coke .
and the mom wanted a salad .
and Raymond also got a chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa Lisa couldn't make up her mind at first .
but then she decided to get a happy meal and icecream .
well the mom looked in her pocket to see if she had enough money to buy it .
and she didn't because they left the money at home .
and that was the end .
James woke up one morning .
and he was very tired .
he spilled his milk on his arm and all over the table when he tried to get cereal .
and he tripped and hadta tie his shoe .
he was having a bad day .
when he was waiting for the school bus it passed him .
and he was late for school .
he got into class .
and and for the end of the day he had a good day .
the kids bill and Jane were playing tag outside .
and they heard a low squeaking noise .
they looked up .
and they saw an alien ship landing .
steam came from the engines .
Jane really wanted to see the spaceship .
but the boy warned him not to go .
she ran and saw the the aliens .
and they tried to attack her .
after they froze the two children they walked out and had a picnic .
when the two kids got back home they told the parents .
and the parents thought they were making it up .
so they all went to the picnic table where the aliens had been .
and the parents did not see anything .
but then they heard the low squeaky noise again .
the spaceship appeared .
and they zapped the parents .
they were all frozen except for the kids .
the kids ran home and told the police .
but no one believed them .
one day Julia and the boy their mother asked them if they were going out to eat .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped into the car .
and the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
the problem is Julia couldn't decide what she wanted a kidsmeal or a hamburger .
the boy and his mother knew that they wanted .
the boy <> told the clerk that he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake with fries .
his mother got a salad .
the clerk told them that the the cost of it would be twelve oh [: zero] two .
when their mother reached down to get her purse it wasn't there .
one day a boy woke up .
and he was tired .
and he couldn't do anything because he was so tired .
and when he tried to put on his shoe his shoelace ripped .
and he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late .
and he was late for class .
one day there was a girl named Brittney and a boy named Tom .
one day they were out in the woods playing Hide_And_Go_Seek with some of their friends .
suddenly they saw a big ship .
it <> looked like a ship in the air .
but when it landed they saw millions of weird looking people and a very weird looking dog .
so they ran as quickly as they can and back home through the trail and up the hill .
one day Raymond and Lisa came home .
and then their mom said we're going out to a restaurant tonight .
what place do you wanna go to ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so when they're there their mom says what do you wanna order Lisa ?
then Raymond said a cheeseburger a drink and a vanilla sundae .
and then her mom said what do you wanna order Lisa ?
and Lisa said a happy meal and a drink and a chocolate shake .
and then the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
so then their mom reached down to get her purse .
but then it was not there .
and she just remembered that it was back on the kitchen counter .
this boy wakes up .
and he pours milk inside his bowl .
but he spills a lot .
and when he was going to school he tripped .
his shoes got untied .
and then he went down to tie it .
but then he got frustrated .
and then he snapped part of it .
and then when he was going to the school bus the school bus left because he was late .
so then he hadta walk to school .
and when he was at school he got a tardy .
and he was late .
okay .
um I don't really know any names .
Michelle and Daniel .
I mean okay .
they were walking in the park when they heard the loud noise .
and they looked up in the air .
and they saw a large thing up in the air .
and then they saw it was a u_f_o .
and then the u_f_o came down .
and then they saw aliens .
and then Michelle wanted to go say hi to the aliens and stuff .
but then Daniel said no .
so then they hid behind a bush .
the aliens were having a picnic .
and then when the aliens went back inside their ship and left they ran out .
and they were all amazed what happened .
so then they went to other people and saying what they saw .
but they never believed them .
so then they just went home .
and they tried to tell their mom .
but then their mom and dad didn't believe it .
so they just went back to bed .
yeah .
well then at night Daniel and Michelle saw a large light that went through the sky .
and they probably thought it was a u_f_o again .
one tuesday after school Lisa and Raymond were in the car .
when they got home her mother said we're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
when they they talked about what they were gonna get .
but Lisa wasn't sure what she wanted .
when they got there they told their order .
Raymond ordered a double cheeseburger with a vanilla shake and fries .
her mother ordered a salad .
<> Lisa finally made a decision .
she was gonna get a happy meal with coke and chocolate shake .
the clerk said that will cost twelve dollars and sixty eight cents .
her mother reached down to get her purse .
and she realized it wasn't there .
then she remembered she left it on the counter at home .
what should she do ?
on tuesday morning Tim's alarm clock didn't go off .
and he woke up suddenly .
so he went downstairs and was about to eat breakfast when he spilled the milk when he was looking at the clock .
then he decided that he shouldn't have breakfast .
so he rushed into the tv room and tried to tie his shoes .
but his lace broke .
<> so he got his backpack on and ran outside .
but the school bus left .
so he just walked to school and told his teacher what happened .
one friday after school (6.) bill and Rachel went to the park to play .
they were having a fun game until they heard a strange sound .
they looked up in the sky and saw a flying saucer .
they both screamed .
the flying saucer came down .
and a family of aliens came .
they were very scared .
so they ran to their parent's house and told them about it .
the parents did not believe them but followed them .
when they got there they couldn't see anything .
the parents said don't ever lie like that again .
and the flying saucer was never seen again .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and mother said how about going out to eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and she went to the closest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and Raymond got a cheeseburger a french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
xxx xxx xxx .
Lisa made up her mind and xxx a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate cone .
and then the clerk said it'd be twelve ninety seven .
and when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter .
xxx xxx xxx .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
and the boy's name was Raymond .
he woke up this morning .
and he never set his clock .
he's gonna be pretty late probably if he didn't hurry .
but he tried to hurry .
he ran to the kitchen to eat breakfast .
he poured the milk while looking at the clock .
and all the milk spilled and became a whole mess .
he got his clothes on .
and then when he was about to head out of the door his shoe string broke .
so they hadta get it fixed .
he missed the bus while he was running for it .
ran to school .
and the principal told him that he would hafta go back home for being late .
then he went back home and decided to set his alarm .
and the next day he got up really early .
he did everything right .
and he didn't miss the bus .
and went to school on time .
so he got xxx pluses .
and the title was Being_Late_For_School .
the title of the story will be Aliens_From_Mars .
okay once upon a time there were these two teenagers .
they look like teenagers .
and names were Joe and Katie .
and then one day they were walking together .
and while they were walking they saw a flying disk from mars .
and it landed .
and then they ducked .
and then Katie has going out to touch one .
and then Joe grabbed her and screamed no you don't know if they're poisonous or not .
and he then took Joe's arm and pulled him out there .
and then the aliens disappeared .
and then they sent lots of fire down and up .
and it made a a fire xxx .
and Joe and Katie ran .
then they went home to tell their parents about it .
and tell them we can prove that we burned up .
then when they went there it was just like it had always been .
and nothing was disturbed .
and then they weren't trusted again .
okay .
the end .
one day when &=whispers no wait +...
what are the two people's names ?
they went home from school .
their mother asked where they wanted to go out .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and their mother drove to Mcdonalds .
then they ordered .
the girl got a happy meal with a chocolate icecream .
and the boy got a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
and and their mom got a salad .
the total was twelve thirteen .
and then their mother looked for her wallet .
and then she remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
one morning Steven was sleeping .
and his bell rang .
and he woke up and saw that when he was eating breakfast that he was really late and needed to get his school clothes on .
when he was tying his shoes one of his shoelaces teared [: tore] [* m:=ed] off .
and he <> hadta get a new pair .
and then when he tried to catch his school bus the school bus left without him .
when he came to school he was tardy .
and he hadta go into his room and get a tardy slip .
one Wednesday afternoon some aliens from Nudon <> came down in their saucer .
their family +...
when they landed Andy and Clarabel were <> surprised .
and Clarabel wanted to go see the dog they had brang from outer space .
so so she tried to go .
but <> Andy wouldn't let her .
he thought it was too dangerous .
and they would use their x-ray vision to hit them .
but he couldn't hold on any longer .
and Clarabel got loose and ran over to them .
they were frightened of her .
when they ran back into their ship and floated away .
from that day on they didn't see any Martians come back down from any sky .
when the mom brought Lisa and Raymond home from school she said that they're gonna go out to dinner .
and she asked where do they wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and so they go into the car .
and they drive to the closest Mcdonalds .
and when they get there Lisa she's not sure whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal but Raymond and the mom know exactly what they want .
and so Raymond orders first .
and he has a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
and then the mom orders next .
and she says a salad .
and then Lisa she finally figures out what she wants .
and she goes up and says she wants a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a soda .
and then the guy said okay that will be twelve fifty .
and the mom reaches for her purse to pull out the money .
but she realizes it wasn't there .
and it was left on the kitchen counter at home .
and then the story ends .
okay do I have a title ?
okay .
well I'm just going to call it A_Bad_Day .
a boy named Jim he was going to school one day .
and he had a big project due .
he was staying up all night working on the project .
and so he was really tired .
and then so he goes to bed at twelve at night because he was working on a project .
and then he goes to sleep .
and then he wakes up the next day and realizes that he totally overslept .
and he was still tired .
so he looks at his alarm clock .
and it says eight ten .
and he realizes he hasta be on the bus by eight fifteen .
and so first he wakes up .
and he's going to get cereal for breakfast .
and he's really tired .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he pours the milk .
and he kinda holds it there .
and all the milk just flows out of the bowl and onto the table and stuff .
and so he hasta clean that up .
and then eventually he eats breakfast and gets dressed .
and then he's going to put on his shoes .
and then one of the shoelaces broke .
and that just made him more frustrated .
and then so he puts on his backpack .
and he knows he's kinda late .
but he's still gonna try to get to the bus .
and then so he runs outside .
and he sees the school bus pulling away before he has time to get on it .
so then he decides to just try to run to school .
and then he gets there .
and then he sees his teacher .
and his teacher scolds him for being late .
I'm going to call this story Visitors_From_Another_Planet .
okay .
on a planet in the galaxy far away there's a tour service where you can tour other planets .
and there's a family .
and it has a a dad .
and the dad's name is grant .
and it has a mom .
and the mom's name is Linda .
and then they also have a little daughter named +...
what's the daughter's name ?
Allison .
and then they also had a dog named Pablo [% giggles] .
and they decided that since it was spring break they wanted to take a vacation .
and they go to the the tour service information place .
and they decided they want a vacation to earth because it has oxygen just like their old planet so they could breathe .
and so they go to that tour service place .
and they go .
and they go on a flight in a flying saucer .
it takes eight hours .
and the flight was late .
so they gave them the free movie .
and the the flight lands .
and then they step off with all their luggage .
and they have the dog and the whole family .
and the tour service guy who was on the plane with them he waves to them goodbye .
and then there is two two people in the park .
and they are brother and sister .
and they were just walking through the park .
and they were just walking through the park and stuff .
and they saw the strange flying saucer .
and so the brother and sister were named Billie and Allysa .
and well they were walking through the park .
and they see the flying saucer .
so Allysa sees it first and says Billie let's go check it out .
and they go over there .
and then they see the alien family .
and Pablo the dog starts barking .
the daughter gets scared of the aliens .
she gets scared and stuff .
but the mom just says no those are just the human people that live on earth .
and then Billie and Allysa +...
Billie gets really scared .
and he tries to run away .
but Allysa's excited .
and she wants to go talk to them .
and so they do .
and Allysa talks to the family .
and they become friends .
and they exchange addresses .
and then when the alien family's vacation is done they <> go back .
and Billie and Allysa and them were penpals .
and they live happily ever after .
once upon a time the mother asked her children let's go out for dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the son ordered french fries a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a french fries chicken nuggets and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then he said that would be twelve dollars fifty cents .
and she says whoops I forgot my wallet .
I forgot the money at home .
so and you said what should they do ?
they should ask the clerk can you hold that stuff while I go back home and get my wallet ?
so after that the clerk says sure .
and then the mom gets her wallet .
she comes back to Mcdonalds .
she says here's the money .
and then that's all .
and the questions were what was the boy's name ?
and I forget .
um the girl's name was Lisa .
and the person who was with them was their mom .
um and they they where did they go for dinner ?
Mcdonalds .
um what what happened in the story ?
they forgot their the mom forgot her wallet .
and you told me to retell the story .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and when he woke up he was late for school .
and he didn't feel that well .
so when he started making breakfast he looked at the clock .
but he kept spilling stuff and making a mess because he was worried he was gonna be late for school .
and when he was on the sidewalk he forgot to tie his shoes .
and after he was trying to tie his other shoe the lace ripped off .
so he got really furious .
and then after when he was waiting at the bus stop right when he got there the bus left .
and he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then finally when he was at school he was late .
and the teacher was disappointed .
one day a boy named Andrew and a girl named Susie went walking to a bench to look at the sunset .
and then they heard a strange mysterious noise going dun@c dun@c dun@c dun@c .
so they took a little peek .
and they saw aliens with a ton of legs .
and Susie said I wanna go say hi to them .
they look friendly .
but Andrew said no don't do it .
they could be evil .
they could just be fooling you because they know we're here .
and then Susie said don't be such a spoilsport .
look that little one's waving to us .
and they have a doggie sort of .
so Andrew said okay but if you're wrong we're gonna be in big trouble .
so they went to the aliens .
the aliens said hi what's your name ?
Susie said my name's Susie .
Andrew said [% in quivering voice] my name's Andrew .
and there was four aliens .
one was <> tall .
one was short .
and two were little .
so they thought this is kind of fun .
and they said hey you wanna meet again sometime because it's getting late .
they said sure we always meet here .
and then said okay .
same time ?
okay .
so the next day they went back and said where are they ?
and they said to their parents we saw some aliens yesterday .
and their father said that's probably not true because aliens don't really exist .
and then Andrew said maybe they do maybe they don't .
and then Susie said I wish they would come back .
or maybe it was just a dream .
[% clears throat] mother asked the children which restaurant would they wanted to go .
and they yelled out Mcdonalds .
and the boy asked for a cheeseburger fries and &*INV:mhm a chocolate shake .
and mom knew what she wanted too a salad .
and and the little girl she had a Big_Mac fries and a strawberry <> icecream cone .
is this all recording ?
0 .
the mother left her money on the kitchen .
Jill waked up .
as he looked at the clock he said oh_my_gosh .
look at the time .
I needta go to school and get ready .
then he looked at the <> clock .
he was late .
he said I needta hurry because I don't wanna miss the bus .
then he put on his clothes .
and then he ties his shoes .
he said oh no !
my shoelace broke .
how am I going to fix it on time ?
then when he came to the busstop the bus left .
he said wait wait !
but the bus did not hear him .
so he hadta walk to school .
his teacher said jack jack you are late for school .
well sorry .
I woke up late .
I ate breakfast .
and I ate late .
and my shoelace tied .
and I missed the bus .
jack and Jill they saw something up in the sky .
and something land down .
it was a spaceship said Jill .
those are aliens .
no those are just people on masks and suits .
no no no don't go over there said <> jack .
the little boy said they was talking funny .
and she said , come on , .
it's just people in suits .
please can we go over there ?
no no we hafta tell our parents .
no they'll never believe us .
well they are just people in suits .
and then she came over there and said hi .
and they shook her hand .
and they were kindly .
sooner or later jack jack went over to his house and told his parents there's aliens at the house .
there's aliens at the park .
they're everywhere on the park .
they're shaking Jill's hand .
and then the mother and father say oh nonsense .
and then soon he told them come on I'll show you .
then the spaceship left .
and then <> the only thing was there was just Jill .
and the mother and father said see it's just your sister .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mother asked them where do you wanna go eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Raymond knew what he want .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
<> Raymond ordered .
he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she told the clerk she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone with some fries .
and the the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and eight cents .
so the mom reached xxx get her purse .
and her purse was gone .
momma realized that she had just left the purse at the home on the counter .
<> Johnathon woke up .
it was already eight oh two .
he said he was gonna be late .
so he decided to go on up and get some breakfast .
as he pour himself some milk +...
and then the milk started spilling all over the place .
and he he hadta just skip that .
so then he went to go tie his shoe .
shoelaces broke .
so he hadta get a different pair of shoes on .
so he ran outside to see if the bus was there .
and it left him there .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
so when he got there the teacher said he was late .
he told her what happened .
Eric and Joanne were at the park one day .
they were playing and running around .
then they saw a big yellow u_f_o flying around .
they thought it was a xxx .
but it wasn't .
they hid behind bushes .
it landed .
strange looking people came out .
Joanna tried to run out .
Joanna ran out pulling Eric and met the aliens .
she was brave .
but once they met them they were very vicious creatures .
so the aliens started to chase them around and around .
but once the aliens got tired they finally got away .
they went over it thinking a little plan .
Joanne said I wanna go meet xxx .
and Eric said I don't know pepper .
so they shot pepper to themselves .
so they ran over there and then <> right in front of them .
and then one yelled oow@c peppers .
and then they started eating all the pepper off until they got really really large .
the first alien blew up .
and pepper sprayed all over the place .
so did the second one .
the dog ran off .
they caught him and put him in the pound .
no one adopted him .
the end .
that's my story .
Lisa and Raymond are brother and sister .
they were going out to eat .
their mother asked them where do you wanna go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they <> got in the car and went <> to Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not decide between a happy meal and [>] alright .
Lisa's mother and Raymond both knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mother wanted a salad .
Lisa could not decide .
until finally she decided she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that would be twelve fifty .
then their mother remembered she forgot her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
then you asked me what should I do they do next .
once there was a kid named James .
he was in bed sleeping until his alarm clock went off .
he saw that he was accidently late for school .
he forgot that he set it for ten o'clock when he was sposta get to school at nine o'clock .
he hadta hurry up and get downstairs .
poured a glass of milk but he overflowed it .
and his cereal was overflowed with it .
then he hadta redo his cereal and ate it and got dressed as fast as he could .
then when he hadta sit at the busstop his shoelace got broken .
he hadta go back inside get some tape tape it all the way back together .
then the school bus passed .
he ran and ran for it until he finally gotta school .
the teacher was furious at what time it was and how late he had gotten to school .
he told her the whole bare facts .
and then his teacher said well it's not your fault .
guess it was just a bad day .
the end .
[<] that's it .
once there were two kids named Tom and Jamie .
one day they were walking , siting on a bench in the park .
then they heard something behind the bushes .
they went over to see what it was .
it was a family of human hungry aliens .
Jamie wanted to see what they would do .
but you see Tom told Jamie not to go over there .
but Jamie grabbed Tom's hand .
the aliens almost saw them .
but Jamie thought it was a better idea what Tom had .
they went to their parents and told them the bare facts .
they went back but the alien ship was gone .
so then to this day the parents and the kids don't know what went on that day if it was just an illusion or if it was real .
Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they both chanted out Mcdonalds .
so then they went there .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
um what's that kids name ?
Raymond was it ?
Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a vanilla shake and a shoot I forgot what they ordered to drink +...
well I forgot what he was gonna +...
his mom wanted salad .
and Lisa she said to the clerk and said I'll have a happy meal happy meal with a coke to drink and a chocolate icecream cone .
it all <> totaled up to twelve fifty .
but they forgot the money at home .
I didn't tell it correct .
[<] I forgot they looked for the purse .
and then it wasn't there .
once there was a kid name Andrew .
he woke up late for bed .
and he felt dizzy because his alarm clock didn't go off .
and then he was distracted at the clock .
when he was pouring his milk he spilled all over .
when he was tying his shoes the shoelace snapped .
and when he went to school he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk there for ten miles .
and mud splashed on him just a bit .
and then when he went to school his teacher told him that he was tardy .
so he got a tardy slip .
and he went to detention <> for ten hours .
on February nineteenth two thousand and two aliens abducted the planet .
and two kids named Andrew and Michelle saw them .
Michelle wanted to um +...
and they saw their weird alien dog .
<> and she wanted to go pet him .
but Andrew didn't let her go .
and then they went .
and then they saw another one coming out .
and so then they went home to tell their parents that they saw aliens .
they went back after that .
and the aliens weren't there .
neither was the ship .
and the aliens turned out to be their parents because the aliens already abducted the parents .
so then +...
but it wasn't really aliens .
it was just their parents .
and their sister dressed up like them in a costume just kidding .
that was bad .
hm: .
and then two years later real aliens came and abducted them .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mother came home .
their mother asked them that they were going out to eat .
she asked them where they wanted to go out to eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
and their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she wanted to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
her mom ordered a salad .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a medium vanilla milkshake .
Lisa finally made up her mind that she wanted a happy meal .
she told the clerk that she would have a happy meal with fries and a strawberry vanilla icecream cone .
the clerk said that it will be twelve dollars and eighty nine cents .
when Lisa and Raymond's mother reached into her purse it was not there .
she just remembered that she had left her purse at home .
what should they do ?
a boy wakes up and looks at the clock and says oh no I'm gonna be late for school .
he goes downstairs and gets cereal ready .
but he makes a big mess because all the time he's watching the clock .
when he's tying his shoes to get ready for school he accidently tears off one of the shoelaces .
when he finally gets his shoelaces tied and goes outside for the school bus the school bus is leaving without him .
when he finally gets to school after a long and tiring walk his teacher points to her watch and says you're late .
and so he walks inside and gets ready .
the end .
a boy and a girl go to the park and have a picnic .
<> a few minutes later they see an alien spaceship landing there and then taking off .
they scream and are trying to run away when <> they find a family of aliens that come out of the ship .
the girl wants to go over there to meet them .
but the boy says no .
when the girl tries and tugs him over there the boy says no again and tries to stop her .
and that's really all there is there .
no .
well there were these kids that were at school .
and they came home .
and their mom told them that they were gonna go out to eat tonight .
and she asked them where they'd like to go .
and they both screamed Mcdonalds .
so their drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know if she wanted a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and the brother and the mom knew what they wanted .
and I don't know what the mom got .
and the brother he got a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and the sister ended up getting a happy meal with a just chocolate milkshake &*INV:mhm with a regular cone [>] fries .
and when that was done the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom looked for the money .
she couldn't find it because she left it on the kitchen counter at their house .
he got out of bed .
he had some trouble got out of +...
he tried to make breakfast tried to have some cereal .
but he realized he was late .
so maybe he (5.) skipped breakfast .
and then he went to school .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
he was trying to go to school .
and he thought to tie his shoe .
and the lace fell off .
and then the school bus came by .
and he got up .
but it kept on going .
and he couldn't catch the bus .
and then when he came home the teacher came to school with him .
the teacher was upset because he was late .
there was +...
are those octopuses ?
okay .
they are aliens .
and they came down from space .
and they landed .
and they came out with all their luggage .
and they had a weird looking dog .
and there were these people .
and they were walking by .
and they saw them .
and they were scared .
so they went back .
and there's four alien people .
and there's a dog .
I have a short span memory .
one day when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were going out to eat .
and she asked where they wanted to eat .
and Lisa and <> Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother <> both <> knew what they wanted .
when they went up to the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind and got a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the cashier said it was twelve dollars and some cents .
and then their mom just realized that she had left her purse at home on the counter .
what should they do ?
there was this one boy that got up late made breakfast and made a mess and then <> hadta clean it up but that took more time than he thought .
then his shoelaces broke .
and he had a lot of time hadta find a new lace .
and then when he got outside the bus was just leaving while he got out .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and the principal was waiting outside for him and telling him he was late .
once there was this alien family .
they wanted to come to earth for a vacation .
so they did .
when they got there two kids behind a bush saw them .
and one of them wanted to go see them .
but the other one wouldn't let her .
and so they ended up not going .
and the alien family had a father a mother a daughter and a dog .
and instead of coming in an airplane they came in a spaceship .
and when one of the kids convinced the other one <> it was a bad idea they went home and didn't go back .
their mother asked Lisa and Raymond where they wanted to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and when they walked in they couldn't decide what they wanted .
and Raymond wanted um I forgot +...
but Lisa wanted happy meal coke and chocolate icecream .
and when it came to the total they didn't have their purse .
and that's all .
a boy named Zach got out of bed and was tired .
and he didn't wanna get up .
and he tried to make breakfast .
and he made a mess .
and when he tried to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and he got mad .
and when he got his shoelace tied he told his mom goodbye and went outside for the bus .
and it was already driving away .
and he started running towards the bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher was mad because he was late .
a kid saw a spaceship land by the park .
and aliens came out .
and the girl wanted to run towards them .
but the boy stopped her from running .
and the aliens were happy that they were to earth .
and the person in the spaceship was waving goodbye to them .
and that's all I can think of .
[<] Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go &*INV:mhm out to dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa was still thinking whether whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
I couldn't think of the name .
[ a happy meal and whatever they're called with a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom wanted a Big_Mac with +...
but then I don't think it said what drink .
Lisa had a Doctor_Pepper I think yeah .
and the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and their mom reach for her purse and notice that it wasn't there and remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
that's about the best I can say .
okay .
Josh woke up in the morning for a very bad start .
his alarm clock didn't go off .
and he was already late for school .
he went downstairs to make some cereal for him to eat .
he had applejacks .
and he poured in the cereal too much .
and then he spilled a lot a milk all over .
and then Josh went upstairs to get dressed .
and he couldn't tie his shoe .
and then finally he pulled so hard that the shoelace just came off .
he thought it was gonna be the worst day he ever had .
so he started walking outside and noticed the school bus just left .
and he <> started chasing after it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and he didn't feel very good about that .
and he walked all the way to school .
and as he came into school his teacher was waiting by the door .
his teacher her name was Ms_postin .
and she was really mad .
and he hadta go get a tardy slip .
obviously that was the worst day of his life .
on tuesday john and Ashley were playing in the park when they heard noises from above .
they ran behind the bush because they didn't know what it was .
all of a sudden this giant ship came down and landed .
out came five things .
one was some kind of alien pet .
one looked like a little sister another the mom another the dad and another the son .
and they all looked really weird .
and each of them had eight little tentacles sticking out where their legs would be and blue or green dots on their forehead .
Ashley was excited .
she tried to run out .
but john grabbed her arm .
don't do it .
she said forget it .
and she ran out .
the people didn't seem to be as nice as they thought they were .
instead they took Ashley and took them back to their planet Saturn .
I can't really think of anything .
the end .
once there were two little kids that wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and tuesday .
and they the girl said they wanted to eat at [>] .
and then their mother took them .
they jumped into the car .
and they went .
and when they were going in Lisa didn't know what to pick uh +...
she didn't know what to pick happy meals or Big_Mac .
and then they went into the restaurant .
Rogers picked a salad &*INV:mhm and a hamburger .
[>] Lisa asked for a Big_Mac and a chocolate cone .
icecream cone .
xxx .
and then the woman said it was twelve ninety five .
and then the woman forgot her money at home .
that's all .
there once was a boy that +...
he got up .
he was going to go to school .
he woke up so late .
and then he was worried he would get late school .
and <> he looked at the watch .
by doing that he threw things on the floor like milk with cereals .
then he tried to touch his shoelaces when he didn't know how to .
then he was packing up to school .
and then he was right there .
<> he was running .
and the bus left him .
then he came four hours late .
and the teacher told him that was so bad .
we hafta call your dad and mom .
there once was two boys named Daniel and Michelle .
they wanted to do a projects of aliens .
and then they didn't know <> because aliens were like +...
they went looking .
they wanted to study about them .
and Daniel wanted to study about tigers .
and Michelle wanted to study about aliens .
so they did Rock_Paper_Scissors_Shoot .
and Michelle won .
and then they went .
and Daniel was afraid .
but Lisa wasn't .
can I change her name to Lisa ?
then Lisa +...
they saw some aliens .
and then Lisa was running to see them .
but Daniel got her and didn't go .
but then Lisa was older and stronger .
she went .
and then she said hello <> little aliens .
xxx .
the aliens went back in the airplane they came in .
I don't know .
and then they went up in the sky .
and they never saw them again .
then they hadta do tigers .
the end .
they came home from school and xxx after their mom told them tonight we're going out to eat .
am I correct ?
what is this ?
and then they went out to eat .
and [>] +/.
at Mcdonalds .
and after the boy asked for fries a milkshake and a coke .
and after the mom asked for +...
I forgot .
and the girl asked for a happy meal &*INV:mhm a vanilla shake and and a coke .
the mom forgot her purse at the top &*INV:mhm of the house .
he woke up from bed .
he went to the kitchen to get some cereal .
he tied his shoe .
and the shoelace ripped off .
the bus left him .
and he was running to it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and he got late to school .
and the teacher said you hafta get a note from being late from school .
they saw chinese aliens coming to the world .
the boy grabs her hand .
he said stop !
and the girl was laughing .
and she was going to go see them .
and the lady that was a alien raised her hand .
and the other aliens in the spaceship he said bye .
that's it .
well the boy and the girl Norman and Lisa came home from school .
and they went up to their room .
and their mom told them that they were gonna to go out .
and she asked them what place did they wanted to go to eat .
and they yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they rushed to the car and hoped in and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds store .
and Norman and their mom made up their minds except Lisa .
and so Lisa made up their mind .
and Norman chose or asked for a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom asked for salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
and she choose a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate cone .
and the catering person said that would be twelve dollars .
and their mother reached for her purse .
and she noticed that it wasn't there .
[^ (4.)] the end .
one morning bob woke up .
and it was twenty after seven .
and he was running late for school .
and he started pouring a bowl of cereal .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled some milk .
so he started to clean it up .
and then he said I just can't have breakfast this morning .
and he went and got dressed .
he accidentally tore his shoelace .
so he got some tape and taped it .
when he got his backpack and ran to the <> schoolbus stop he missed the schoolbus .
so he hadta run all the way to school .
her teacher got mad at him because he was late .
she was wondering if he would come I mean .
the end .
one morning David and Lisa went to go play in the park .
they started playing baseball .
and then a martian saucer came down .
and they saw it and dropped their bat and glove and baseball .
and they started running .
David said no Lisa don't go back there .
and they saw the Martians .
the little baby martian <> was petting the dog .
the father martian said let's camp out here .
the daughter martian that was seventeen said I'll be out in a minute .
she was listening to the Martian boys &=laughs .
then David and Lisa ran back home and told their parents what had happened .
their mom and dad went back with them .
they saw the Martians again .
they went to call the police .
the police came .
and they did not see the Martians no more .
and they said that they would give them off with a warrant for lying to the police .
they said okay .
and David and Lisa got grounded for a month .
the end .
the kids came from school .
and when they came inside their mom said that they were gonna <> go out for dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the kids got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and while they were waiting to order the girl didn't know if she wanted to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but their mom and the brother already knew what they wanted to get .
when they got in line the sister finally decided what she wanted .
the <> brother ordered a chocolate shake a happy meal and a diet Coke .
their mom <> ordered a salad .
and the sister ordered a diet Coke a chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and they told the clerk what they wanted .
and then the clerk said that <> they <> would hafta pay twelve ninety nine .
and their mom looked for her purse and and remembered that she had left it on the <> kitchen table .
one day mike was was sleeping in bed .
at seven thirty he woke up and looked at his clock .
uhoh he thought .
he was late .
he went downstairs and poured <> his milk for <> his cereal and made a big mess because he was looking at the clock .
after he ate he went to his room and got dressed .
then he went downstairs and started tying his shoes .
but one of the laces broke .
:@c he thought .
finally he got his shoes tied and and packed his bookbag and went and ran to the busstop .
but the bus was already leaving .
<> oh no he thought .
so instead of riding the bus he started running to school .
so he wouldn't be late .
when he got there his teacher was standing outside the door and said that he was late .
okay .
one day David and Samantha were out in the park and and were <> searching and looking around to <> see if they could find any squirrels when an alien spacecraft <> landed in the park .
the hatch opened .
and three aliens came out with an alienlike pet .
Samantha wanted to go say hi to them .
but David David said they shouldn't .
Samantha pulled David out .
<> and Samantha said hi to them waved to them .
the aliens all all screamed and ran back into the <> space shuttle .
they they ran to the the <> person that read them here [% child says read for led] and told them the blast <> back off to go back to mars .
Michelle tried to grab on to the <> spaceship and take a piece of it off so so that she would have proof that really happened .
<> David tried to pull her back down so when the spaceship blasted off she wouldn't be carried with it .
<> David pulled her down .
and she fell on to the grass .
and the spaceship blasted off .
David and Samantha didn't believe what they had seen but went home and told their parents what had happened and lead them back to the place where they had seen it .
there were pieces of ash in the grass where <> the spaceship had been .
nobody knew it had been true .
the end .
sorry I don't remember the names .
okay when the mother asked her children where they wanted to eat they both yelled together Mcdonalds .
so she drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
<> the son wanted cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
the the <> daughter wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone .
their mother ordered a salad .
when she told the clerk he said that would be twelve dollars .
when the mom put her hand in her pocket her wallet was gone .
nine xxx .
I'm stuck .
I guess so .
no .
the alarm had been ringing for an hour .
finally Jake woke up and looking at the clock he saw that he was late for school .
quickly he got out of bed and ran into the kitchen to make breakfast .
after he ate breakfast he put on his clothes getting ready to tie his shoes .
<> when he started tying his shoes they poped one was unlie .
by the time he got it back on the school bus had already left .
when he came to school late the teacher asked him why he was so <> late .
he told her what happened .
and she gave him a homework pass for being so honest .
one day mark and Morgan went to the park .
they were playing just fine until they saw a shadow of a +...
it came closer and closer .
and they realized it was a ship .
quick mark pulled Morgan right into the bushes .
a second after that four or five aliens poped right out of the ship .
they couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the the aliens <> playing in the park like humans .
mark tried to hold back as Morgan pulled him out of the bushes to say hi to the aliens .
but the aliens didn't like them .
as though they thought they didn't .
they really just tried to say hello .
but they ran away before the aliens could say anything .
then they told their parents what had happened at the park .
their mother didn't believe a word .
but they decided to go back to the park .
when they went back to the park all they saw was a regular family <> coming off of a plane from the airport .
and still they think <> that day was that family <> really human or were they also aliens .
the end .
