their mom said where I wanna eat at at Mcdonalds .
<> they went over to Mcdonalds right there in the maze thing and order .
one order <> a cheeseburger cokes icecream and salad for the mom .
and they left +...
in the purse .
and they forgot the the money's at the house in the kitchen .
at morning Joe wake up .
he was late for school .
he made a mess in the kitchen .
when when he got up <> his strings just broke .
he missed the bus .
the teacher said he was late .
then that's all .
a alien martian is came to earth .
they have [% whispers] five legs .
and there's a pet .
and they have a pet .
and Josie and David saw it but Josie just grabbed his his hand .
and David said no .
and that's all .
the mother came home and asked the kids what they wanted to eat for dinner .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so she drove them to the <> nearest Mcdonalds .
and the mother and the boy knew what they wanted to eat .
but the girl didn't .
and boy ordered a hamburger fries and a chocolate shake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
the girl finally made up her mind and wanted a happy meal with a milkshake .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and the mother reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
a boy wakes up from school gets out of bed and makes himself some breakfast .
he accidentally pours the milk <> over his bowl while looking at the clock .
when he ties his shoes one of the laces break .
when he's ready he's tryin(g) to catch the school bus .
but he doesn't catch it .
he walks to school late .
and the teacher tells him what time it is .
one day a boy and a girl were going to the park .
all of a sudden when they were behind the bushes they saw a alien ship come down that had blinking lights .
they peeked out from behind the bushes and saw an alien family walk out .
their family had blue spots and purple .
they also had very many legs and a dog .
the girl wanted to go ask them some questions .
but the boy <> hold her hand back .
until that day nobody will believe them that they saw aliens .
but they will know that they did .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom got home .
and she said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and Lisa and Raymond shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they drove there .
but the girl didn't know what she wanted either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but the mom and the brother Raymond already knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted well I'll get to that +...
and so they walked up to the clerk .
and then she decided on a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and french_fries .
and the mom I don't know what she ordered +...
and the sister ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and her mom left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
what do you think they should do ?
one day Jordan woke up from sleeping .
and he looked at his alarm clock .
and it said he was late for school .
so he hurried into the kitchen and made breakfast .
and <> accidentally spilled some milk .
he rushed to get his clothes on .
and his shoelaces snapped .
he ran outside really quickly .
and he missed the school bus .
and when when he gotta school his teacher said he was late .
one day Greg and Margaret were camping with their family at a national park .
and they decided to wander off around the campsite and see what else there was .
and <> they turned the bend .
and Margaret said that she had seen an alien spaceship with aliens coming out of it .
and Greg thought they might be dangerous .
and they might hurt them .
but Margaret said she wanted to get a closer look .
so they went up to the +...
and they thought that the aliens might have come to camp too .
so they went up to the aliens .
and they said hello .
and the aliens said hi .
and they introduced themselves .
the dog was named Lucy .
they boy was named Todd .
the mom was named Susan .
and the dad was named Randy .
and they had a pretty weird teenage girl who stayed in the spaceship because she thought that the sun might ruin her cosmetics .
and her name was Laura .
and so they played tag with the little boy and the dog .
then they went back to tell their parents about what had happened .
they wanna bring their parents to go see .
but their parents didn't believe them .
so they brought them there .
and the parents met the aliens .
and they were friends .
and then the aliens stayed for the night .
and they ate popcorn and went to the campmaster's house to watch a movie .
and in the morning they packed up .
and they left .
the end .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and their mother forgot her purse .
that's pretty hard .
but it's hard .
what do you mean by when the things occurred ?
well the boy and the girl wanted to go to Mcdonalds at the beginning .
and actually at the beginning the mother said where do you wanna go out to eat ?
and the boy and the girl said Mcdonalds .
they both said .
and then after that they went off in the car to go to Mcdonalds .
and once they arrived there everybody ordered something .
and then the mom <> reached for the purse .
and she <> figured out that her purse was at home .
okay first I was getting up from bed .
and I figured out that it was time to go to school .
so I went into the kitchen .
and then I made a big mess out of the milk and everything else .
and I was just looking at the time .
and so after that I was very frustrated .
so I broke my lace on my shoe .
and then once I got outside the bus is already left .
and so I hadta walk to school .
and I didn't make it to school on time .
once upon a time there were a boy and girl .
they were both brother and sisters .
they were trying to go down to the park for a family picnic .
but once they got there they saw an alien spaceship .
so they saw a dog alien a little boy alien a mom and a dad alien and a sister alien .
and then her brother said don't go don't go because those are aliens .
you don't know what they can do .
but she wanted to go .
so she said come on come on .
it's time to go .
we gotta go look .
and so at the end the brother won .
and they went back to go tell their parents .
and then they came back and saw the aliens .
and then they believed them .
and then the parents fainted .
and once they awoke they went back home and called the police .
and asked them to get these aliens off the park .
and then once the police came they saw nothing .
that's it .
Lisa and Raymond walked in the door from school .
and the mother said <> we're going to eat out tonight .
where would yall like to eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and <> so her mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mother knew .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake with a coke .
and her mother orders a salad .
and then Lisa said I'd like a happy meal coke and a <> chocolate milkshake .
and so the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and her mother reached for her purse .
and it was not there .
and she remembered she'd left it on the kitchen counter .
one day this boy gets out of bed .
and he looks like he's not very happy .
and he goes into the kitchen for breakfast .
and he pours the milk on his cereal .
and it overflows while he's looking at the <> clock .
and he feels a little sad .
and he breaks his shoelace when he's trying to tie his shoes .
and he's mad about that a little bit .
and he misses the bus <> to get to school .
and when he gets to school his teacher's there waiting for him because he's late .
and she doesn't look very happy about it .
but she doesn't look very very mad .
but he feels terrible it looks like .
and he is looks like he's having a bad day .
one day this boy and girl sees a <> flying saucer landing on the ground .
and aliens come out of it with this funny looking dog .
and the boy does not wanna go over there .
but it looks like the girl does .
and the boy is trying to hold the girl back .
but <> he can't .
and it it looks like the momma alien is waving back to the driver alien .
and it looks like they're coming down for vacation or moving .
and looks like she wants to go meet them .
but the boy really doesn't .
and so <> it looks like the boy's trying hard really to not do it xxx to let her go over there .
and she's pulling him on and on .
but he's trying to keep her back .
and the aliens are have a funny funny funny looking dog .
and it looks like they're in a park and xxx xxx .
and the girl and the boy were hiding behind the bushes .
and and the boy is trying to run away .
but the girl is pulling him on .
the end .
one night their mother said where do you wanna go out to eat tonight ?
they said Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
then when they got there they walked in .
and the little girl was asking should I get a Big_Mac or a happy meal ?
and then she had a chocolate shake .
and he got a happy meal .
and the clerk told them that it was twelve ninety nine .
and <> the mother reached for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she remembered she left it at home on the thing .
okay what was what was the boy's name ?
one day Joe was getting out of bed .
and he looked what time it is .
he's late for school and spilled his cereal .
and then he broke his shoelace .
and then he got late from the bus .
so he hadta walk .
and the teacher pointed at her watch when he got there .
and he didn't feel too good .
bob and Lisa were taking a walk in the park when they saw a big yellow thing fly down and hit one side of the park .
and they went and looked at it .
and they saw a u_f_o [% child laughs] .
and some creatures were getting out of it .
and Mrs_e was &=laughs coming to see earth and her two daughters and her dog spot .
and they all met .
and they had a good time .
and then one day Lisa and bob gotta go see their planet .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mother came home from work and asked Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to go get something to eat at Mcdonalds .
and they shouted hurray and got in the car .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted yet .
but Raymond said that he wanted a cheeseburger and a milkshake .
and <> Raymond's mother said that <> she wanted a salad .
and then Lisa remembered what she wanted .
and she said that she wanted a happy meal with <> a vanilla icecream cone .
and then after that Lisa and Raymond's mother figured out that she didn't have the money that she left it on the counter at home .
so yeah &=laughs .
one morning <> Jacob woke up .
and he figured out that he he was late for school .
so he hurried up and went down to the kitchen to make himself breakfast as quick as he can to not be late for school .
and while he was doing that he spilled his milk .
he spilled his cereal .
he wasn't doing very good because he was in a rush .
and then after that when he was tying his shoe he broke his shoelace because +...
so he was having a bad day he thought .
and then after that because he was so late when he was going out <> to the bus he missed his bus .
so he had his mom bring him to school .
and then when he gotta school his principal told him that he was late for school .
so he got tardy slip .
and then so he just xxx .
yeah .
one day Mary and john were going home from school .
on their way they passed the park .
and they saw aliens in a alien spaceship .
but they weren't sure what to do because they're afraid of the aliens .
so Mary wanted to go say hi to them .
but john <> said no because they might take her and abduct her .
so so Mary and john went home to tell their mom and dad .
but they didn't believe them .
so when they came back they noticed <> that there wasn't the alien spaceship .
and after after that they just went home .
and during the night Mary and john seen the alien spaceship flying away .
and they weren't sure what it was if they were real aliens or fake .
yeah .
on tuesday the kids were gonna go out to eat with their mom .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they <> jumped into the car and went to Mcdonalds .
the mom and mark they knew what they wanted to order .
and then Lisa still couldn't decide .
and then they all knew what they wanted to order .
mark wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
the mom wanted salad with a coke .
and Lisa wanted a (15.) happy meal with a chocolate shake and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mom forgot their purse .
and that's the end of the story .
there was a kid named Jim .
he woke up .
and he broke his alarm clock .
and then when he went to breakfast he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled his milk .
and then when he was tryin(g) to tie his shoes he broke his shoelace .
and then after he broke his shoelace he missed the school bus .
so then his mom hadta take him .
when he gotta school the teacher was mad at him because he was late .
then he went to school .
and they asked why he was late .
and he told them because I missed the school bus .
one night two boys named Kaitlyn and Danny were sleeping .
they heard a weird noise .
so they ran into the mom's room and and their dad's room .
and they said it's just nothing .
go back to sleep .
so they went back to sleep .
they woke up the next morning .
and then they saw it .
and they went outside and nothing came out .
<> so they were knocking on the doors .
and then they heard it open .
and so they ran behind some bushes .
and Danny was tryin(g) to stop Kaitlyn from going to say hi .
but she got away .
and she wants to say hi .
then the aliens were .
they just wanted to find a place to stay .
so Kaitlyn said they could stay .
but then when they went outside the next morning nothing was there .
and then Kaitlyn asked Danny about the ship .
and he said what are you talking about .
so Kaitlyn assumed that it was just a dream .
and it never really happened .
at seven o'clock when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother asked them where they wanted to go out for dinner .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got into the restaurant Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond ordered a happy meal , a vanilla milkshake and (5.) fries I think .
I know . [+ bch]
but I forget what their mom ordered .
(9.) okay .
their mom ordered something .
and when the clerk said that will be +...
wait .
and Lisa decided she wanted a chocolate icecream cone , a coke , and a happy meal .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom reached for her purse she saw it wasn't there .
she remembered she left it on the counter back at their house .
what should they do ?
okay .
last night Donnie had a sleepover at his friend's .
and they stayed up until two o'clock in the morning and then fell asleep .
one day later when Donnie woke up he was so tired that he couldn't concentrate on anything .
he spilled his cereal in his milk .
one of his shoelaces snapped .
and he missed the bus .
and his mom was really mad at him .
and he wasn't feeling too good .
when he gotta school his teacher told him that he was twenty minutes late .
and he got a tardy slip .
since then he's always been careful to always go to bed at an early time .
and if he has a sleepover he doesn't stay up so late .
alright .
(6.) Tom and Megan were going to school when they decided to play hookie and run off into the woods 0to see if they could find anything interesting and play games .
when they were there they heard a loud air blowing sound and something round flying in the air .
it came down lower and lower .
and it touched the ground .
and they saw it had weird markings on it .
they were scared .
so they hid behind a bush .
suddenly a compartment in the ship opened .
and an an alien family came out .
they were really weird .
but they somewhat had a nice look to them .
Megan wanted to go meet them .
but Tom was really scared .
and he wanted to stay and run .
Megan was about to run out and meet them when Tom grabbed her arm .
Megan was about to run out to meet them .
and she grabbed Tom's arm and pulled him out .
just then the alien family started saying <> things that made no sense to them .
and they saw that they had a little weird dog sort of thing that had no mouth and was covered with thick fur .
just then a big light came from the dog thingy and froze Tom and Megan in their place .
just then the aliens all yelled something very weird .
and and everything became swirly for Megan and Tom .
just then they could see in the distance the alien ship flying off .
and they both fainted .
when they woke up it was gone .
and they could only remember a faint memory of what happened .
but since they had just woken up they thought it might have easily been a dream .
so they came home and told their parents what happened .
they got in pretty big trouble .
but their parents all agreed that it was a dream so did Tom and Megan .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home .
mom .
um I forgot it .
from school .
after school .
her mom said where do you wanna eat tonight ?
Mcdonalds they shouted .
and when Lisa and him got in there she didn't know what to order .
and Raymond and her mom know what to order .
and the Mcdonalds man said twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then she forgot her wallet at home on the table .
there was a kid .
and he woke up out of his bed and went out to the kitchen and make him <> cereal .
then he got dressed .
and then he's tryin(g) to tie his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
then he missed the bus .
he was tryin(g) to catch it up .
but he didn't .
then he went into the school .
and he saw there was a teacher standing outside of the door .
she looked mad .
he was probably sad when he missed the bus that he hadta walk to school .
there's some aliens .
and they have a dog and a pet named Angie .
and the the ship with other ones .
then the man and the lady and their dog are walking out .
and they can shoot people .
and the man said no and grabbed the the girl .
she was happy .
and the aliens were happy too .
the dog didn't wanna walk .
they were on grass .
and there was a bench .
they were walking out of the ship .
that man was unhappy about the girl who leaved [: left] [* m:=ed] .
he said no .
and the alien said something to her kid .
Lisa and Raymond came back from school <> went to home .
and their mother said we're gonna eat out .
where would you like to go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal .
I forget what Lisa ordered.
and Raymond finally made up her mind and got a happy meal with coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and her mother ordered a salad .
and the total amount was twelve dollars something cents .
so then their mother reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she <> remembered that she had left it on the couch at home .
Ryan woke up looked at his clock .
he went in the kitchen .
and he found some cereal .
while he was pouring his milk into the bowl he was looking at the clock .
and he overfilled the bowl with milk .
then he got dressed and tied his shoe .
and one of the laces broke off .
then he got his backpack and started to run towards the school bus .
but it was too late .
so then he hadta walk to school .
when he went to school his +...
he walked up the steps .
and his teacher was telling him that he was late .
the end .
Jenny and Jeff went on a walk to the park .
and they were in the bushes when they saw a u_f_o land <> on the grass .
and four strange aliens came out .
one was waving .
one was holding a son .
the other was holding all the luggage .
and the son was holding a leash to the alien dog .
Jenny wanted to go meet them .
but Jeff didn't let her .
he pulled her back .
the two family looked like they were okay .
so they wanted to go meet with them .
and they had a fun time .
the end .
well they were at home .
and the mother asked where they would like to eat .
and at the same time Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they decided to go .
and it turned out that the mother left the purse at home .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to get .
but Raymond and the mother knew exactly what they wanted .
so they ordered first .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa made up her mind and said I want a happy meal or the Big_Mac .
and they ordered .
but they realized that they left the purse at home .
one day the little boy jimmy he was watching tv .
and he looked at the clock .
and he realized that it was really really late .
so he decided to go to bed .
the next morning jimmy he woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he slept late .
so he rushed down the stair and tried to pour his milk .
but it spilled everywhere .
so he hadta clean it up .
and that started taking up lots of time .
and the bus was about to come .
so he was getting on his shoes .
and he was rushing .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he ripped his shoelace .
so by the time that he got everything ready he ran to the busstop and saw the bus leaving .
so his mother gave him a ride to school .
and in the car she said that next time he shouldn't watch tv until so late .
and when he gotta school he wasn't paying attention .
one day Sara and john were walking through the park .
and they heard some weird gurgling noises .
and so they kept on walking .
but they were kind of scared .
and they saw three squids .
and they were coming out of a u_f_o .
and they were frightened .
and they didn't think that u_f_os were real .
but the u_f_os kind of looked like octopuses .
and they thought it was very strange .
and the girl Sara wanted to see what was happening .
but john decided that they shouldn't do it because it could be dangerous .
and they could get hurt .
so john pulled Sara away .
and Sara asked why they shouldn't look at what was happening .
and john said that he didn't want his sister to get hurt .
so they went back home .
and they kept everything a secret to their family .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother told them that were going to go out to eat .
and the mother asked where they wanna go .
and Lisa and Raymond both said they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa did not know if she wanna order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond and the mother both knew what they wanted .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and then the guy at the counter told them that the meal cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother went to go in her purse she realized that she left the purse on the kitchen table at home .
once when Andrew woke up one morning he realized that he was late .
he ran very quickly downstairs to eat his breakfast .
as he tried to pour his milk into his bowl he realized that he poured too much .
and the milk spilled on the floor .
after Andrew finished cleaning up his breakfish [: breakfast] and eating it he went upstairs to go get on his clothing .
as he was trying to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and he was very upset .
but he tried to tie his shoe with a very short lace .
then Andrew ran outside trying to catch the bus .
right as he came to the corner where his busstop was the bus drove away .
he decided he hadta run to school .
he ran <> as fast as he could .
and as he gotta the door the principal was waiting for him .
she told them that he was very late and that he would hafta get a late slip in the office .
one summer day <> Julia and Eric decided to go take a walk in the park .
they walked to the playground and swung on the swings for a while .
but they got bored .
and Julia decided that they should go to the lake to go swimming .
Eric didn't really wanna go .
but he decided that it would be all right .
so they went to the path that led to the lake .
as they gotta the bushes they they thought they heared a big <> bump sound .
they both hid down under the bushes .
and Julia decided that she should go see what it was .
Eric decided that wasn't that great of an idea because it could be a fierce animal or a airplane that crashed .
but Julia took Eric's hand and went to go see what it was .
they walked around the corner as they saw what looked like a spaceship and aliens walking off of it .
oh look Eric said .
there's aliens .
and Julia said hey <> that's kind of cool .
lets go up to them and see if they know any english .
<> so they went up to the aliens and asked them where do you come from ?
but all the aliens knew were weird words that Julia or Eric did not know .
so then Eric asked them can we go on your spaceship ?
there was no reply from the aliens .
so Julia walked on in .
as they got in the spaceship there looked like there was kids like them .
they talked to the kids for a while and decided that they would go swimming .
they went out of the spaceship and went to the lake to go swimming with the new friends that they made .
one day Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where do you wanna eat ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
<> so they went to Mcdonalds .
Raymond ordered a <> hamburger french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
Lisa couldn't decide if she should order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then she decided she wanted a Big_Mac .
so her mother told the guy what they wanted .
and then he said that'll be twelve fifty .
the mom looked for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the <> kitchen table at home .
one day there was a boy named George .
George was +...
one day George woke up really late and got dressed as fast as he could because it was really late .
and then <> George went downstairs and got breakfast and <> poured some milk for his cereal .
but but he wasn't paying attention to it .
so he spilled it all over himself .
then on his way to the bus he broke his shoelace and tried to fix it .
but it wouldn't work .
finally when he figured it out the bus went away .
and he he ran until he got too tired to catch up with it .
so he decided to walk to school .
when he finally got there the teacher was standing outside and was pointing to her watch and saying you are thirty minutes late .
next time I'd like you to be much earlier .
the end .
one day there was a family .
and their +...
and there was a boy and a girl named Joshua and Megan .
Joshua and Megan's family went to a parade .
the parade was very big .
and Megan didn't like it though .
Megan <> told Joshua that she wanted to go to the woods .
Joshua said no .
Joshua was trying to tell her no .
but Megan was already dragging him off .
so they explored the woods and saw lots of weird animals that they've seen in only books .
then then they were just about to go back <> when they saw a big opening space in the middle of the woods .
<> Megan saw something coming from the sky .
Megan said wow look at that !
and Joshua said we should be getting back to the parade now .
but Megan had already gone off to the ship .
right before she got there Joshua grabbed her hand .
Megan let go and grabbed his hand and took them to the ship .
then the ship opened up .
and bunch of weird aliens with tentacles and spots came out with a weird looking creature that that they guessed was their dog .
Joshua said Megan to stop .
but she wouldn't .
Megan went over to the aliens and said hi .
to Joshua's surprise the aliens were actually nice and not surprised to see them .
the the aliens +...
Megan wanted to tell everybody .
so Megan went back to the parade and told their parents .
their parents didn't believe them .
and and then Megan <> just wasn't surprised either .
so they went back .
and the aliens said said bye to them because they said that they had other planets to explore .
so Megan and Joshua went back to their parents and keep +...
and they <> always make up stories about what they <> could have done with the aliens .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said we are going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
when they got there Raymond and his mother knew exactly what they would have .
Raymond would order a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mother would order a salad .
when Lisa gotta the clerk she had decided what she would have .
she ordered a Kids_Meal with coke and chocolate icecream .
the clerk said it would cost eleven fifty .
when their mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she realized she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
on wednesday Brian's alarm clock did not sound .
so he got up later than he was usually sposta .
and he was so worried about the time that when he was having breakfast .
he poured too much milk into his cereal bowl and it spilled out .
so he hadta clean that up .
and that made him even later .
then when he was getting dressed and tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
so he couldn't tie his shoe .
but then he got a spare shoelace from his dad's old pair of shoes .
he made his lunch and put all his homework in his backpack and then ran out the door before he said goodbye to his mom .
so he sprinted to the busstop where the bus had left right before he got there .
so he hadta walk to school .
on the way to school he fell in a puddle and was dirty soaking and discouraged when he gotta school that morning after he was sposta +...
it was half an hour after he was sposta get to school .
one sunday afternoon Ryan and Megan were hiking in the woods where they found a path of oil .
and they they tried to follow it .
but there were many obstacles like large rocks and streams .
they managed to climb around or over the large rocks and through or over the streams .
soon after they were done with all the obstacles they found themselves in a green where there was a large picnic table and what seemed to be a landing site .
then they heard a large roar and looked up .
there was a flurry of lights and smoke filling the air .
they ran for the bushes and dove into them .
soon after a large spacecrafted object landed .
so they hid behind the bushes and waited .
soon after they waited for about five minutes and decided to head back .
once they were about five feet away from the bushes they heard a roar again .
then suddenly a door opened on the spacecraft which they had noticed by then had some markings on the top .
they soon after hid behind the bushes once again and saw octopuslike creatures come out of the space shuttle .
they were purple and wore clothes with green and blue polka dots on their skin .
they had large eyes and odd shaped heads .
one woman alien had hair .
they assumed these were aliens .
they decided to peek out around the bushes and try not to be seen once again .
they were not .
but when they peeked out a little child had come out with a weird looking dog .
it had shaggy fur but a bare head except for two patches of hair and bare legs .
they saw the aliens move to a picnic table .
then Megan wanted to jump out from behind the bushes and take the dog home to prove that it was real .
when they tried to Ryan had stopped Megan .
the lights on the spaceship lit up as if the spaceship knew they were there .
they decided to run from those bushes to a few others .
the aliens looked over to where they useta be and looked in the bushes .
the dog started growling at where they were .
and then they ran from their hiding spot and picked up some oil in a jar to prove they were real .
they ran back home .
but once they got home they showed their parents .
and in the jar there was nothing but water instead of oil .
they had led their parents to where they thought it was .
but there were no steams or rocks there anymore .
and they could not find the landing pad or the picnic table .
they had +...
when they were running back they had heard a loud roar and didn't look back .
to see that the spaceship had taken off again .
after Lisa and Raymond got home their mother told them that they were gonna go to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
and then Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it came to twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother said oops I left my purse at home .
a little boy woke up <> in the morning .
and he eat breakfast .
and when he poured the milk it made a mess .
and then the bowl broke .
then when he went to tie his shoes his shoestring ripped in half .
and then right when he was fixing that his bus came .
and it missed him .
and then he walked to school .
and he was late .
there was a little girl and a little boy .
they were playing in the park when suddenly a spaceship landed .
and then they wondered what was in it .
but the little boy was pulling his sister away .
so they don't get caught by the aliens .
and then they walk out and start unloading .
and then they decide that it was nice to stay and play with them .
and it was safe .
and that's the end .
their mom told them that they were going out to dinner .
[>] ?
mkay .
okay .
Lisa and Ryan &*INV:okay were gonna go out .
and their mom said that they're gonna go out and eat .
and then she asked them where do they wanna eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
let me see .
Lisa didn't know what she was gonna order .
by the time they gotta the counter Ryan <> told the clerk that he wanted a cheeseburger &*INV:okay some some fries and a vanilla milkshake .
<> their mom ordered a salad .
then Lisa made up my mind that she wanted a happy meal &*INV:okay a coke &*INV:okay and a chocolate cone .
and it costed [: cost] [* m:=ed] twelve dollars fifty cents .
by the time the mother reached into her purse she found out that she left the money on the kitchen table .
what should they do ?
once upon a time there was a boy named Tom .
he was late for school .
so he ran downstairs .
he made himself a bowl of cereal .
but then the milk spilled all over the place .
so he cleaned it all up .
then he went back upstairs and changed .
when he was tying his shoe his shoelace snapped .
so then he hadta fix it .
and by the time he was out to get in the bus the bus drove away .
so he hadta run to school .
and by the time he gotta school he was late .
once upon a time there is two kids a boy and a girl named +...
the boy's name was Daniel .
and the girl's name was Sara .
they were out at the park just walking around .
then they saw this weird looking ship landing .
then they saw aliens coming out of it .
Sara ran .
but her brother Daniel grabbed her and held her back .
and then the aliens were coming out with all these packages .
they had a kid a dog and parents .
the dad was carrying all the packages .
and the kid was holding the dog's leash .
so Sara just took her hand out and grabbed her older brother's hand and pulled him out .
but her brother was scared .
that's the end .
it was at a park .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school the mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you like to go ?
and Raymond and Lisa both yelled Mcdonalds .
so that night they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out she wanted to have a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but Raymond and the mother decided .
so when they were in line and they got up to the clerk Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and soda and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom ordered salad .
and Lisa ordered something with french_fries and coke .
and then when the clerk said the total is twelve fifty the mom looks for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she remembered she left it at home .
Joe's having a really bad day .
first he woke up late .
then he bumped his head .
then then when he was making his cereal he poured the milk .
and then when he was tying his shoe he ripped his shoelace .
after he got all ready everything packed his backpack .
<> right when he ran out of his house the schoolbus was leaving .
he yelled after it .
he was sad .
so he hadta walk to school .
he was late .
when when Mary and her friend bob went [% child interrupted by intercom announcement] to the park and brought <> some stuff for a picnic with them .
when they were walking over to the bench and table they saw a queer big blimp sort of thing .
it was just landing .
it had weird writing .
it looked almost like chinese even though they haven't studied it .
<> then they saw people coming out .
they had squidlike legs .
the little kid had a doglike creature .
and they they were carrying all these bags .
they looked nice .
so Mary went over .
but bob tried to hold her back .
when they went over the so called squid aliens were nice and talked to them .
and then Mary and bob said I don't think it's safe here .
you should go to a different planet .
some people will try to capture you and hurt you .
so the aliens packed up and left .
and then Mary and bob told their parents .
but they didn't believe them .
so to this day Mary and bob always have the secret of seeing aliens .
one tuesday the mom asked the kids Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to go out to eat .
they decided to go to Mcdonalds .
when they were there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
but Raymond and their mom could decide really fast .
<> Raymond decided a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom decided to have a salad .
finally Lisa could make up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal &*INV:mhm with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
<> their mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she said she left it on the counter at the house .
oh .
one day Joe woke up .
he looked at his clock and saw it was seven thirty .
he was late for the bus .
he went to go get some cereal .
and when he was pouring the milk it spilled all over .
he was really mad .
then he went to go get dressed .
and when he was tying his shoe a lace broke .
he was madder .
0 .
then when he was going out to the busstop he saw a bus with thirty four .
that was his bus .
he ran after it yelling stop .
but no one heard him or saw him .
then he hadta walk to school .
when he was at the door the teacher said you're late .
and then he got a tardy slip .
the end .
one day john and Vanessa were having a picnic .
as they were walking to their table they saw this flying saucer land in the middle of the park .
Vanessa wanted to go check it out .
but john said no .
she was trying to pull him .
but he resisted .
when the door opened octopuslike people came out .
they were both shocked .
they were from the planet Gazork .
0 .
they wanted to visit earth .
Vanessa pulled John hard enough and went over .
and the aliens saw them .
they said greetings earthling .
and then John jumped back .
Vanessa said hello .
and then they said we wanted to see your planet .
and then they all became friends .
Lisa and Raymond were coming back from somewhere when their mom was like hey we're gonna go out to eat <> somewhere .
then Raymond and Lisa both knew where they <> wanted to go .
so they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
so their mother drove them to <> the nearest Mcdonalds where in their area was .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
she didn't know if she should order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her mom and Raymond knew what they were gonna order .
so at first Raymond said I would like a Big_Mac with french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
<> and then his mom said that she wanted a salad .
so Lisa was still thinking about it .
and she said I know what I'll get .
I'll get a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
so after that their mother reached for her +...
the Mcdonalds clerk said that would be twelve fifty .
so she reached for her purse .
and she noticed it wasn't there .
so then she thought .
and she noticed that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
and that's when the story ended .
and I made my predictions and xxx .
one day there was a boy named john who was late for school .
the clock said eight o'clock .
he hadta be at school at eight fifteen .
so he hadta eat his breakfast put on his clothes and get on the bus in fifteen minutes .
so he got up .
and he hadta make breakfast .
he tried to make cereal as quick as he could .
but he couldn't because he was rushing .
his eyes were still a little tired .
and he still needed to have his clothes on and stuff .
so when he tried to pour the milk it spilled all over the table .
after that he tried to put on his clothes and shoes .
while he was putting on his shoes his shoelace broke off of his shoe .
after that he told his mom he was going .
and he went outside to wait for the bus .
as soon as he opened the door he saw the bus leaving from the busstop .
hey wait up he said .
the bus left .
and then he went to school late as ever .
the end .
okay .
this story is called The_Alien_Invasion .
one day a boy named Michael and a girl named Eliza were walking in the park .
they heard a humming sound .
what's that Michael asked .
I don't know Eliza said .
but it sounds pretty weird .
they went behind the bush to see if they could sneak up on it .
then they saw <> strange object flying in the sky .
Michael what is that Eliza asked .
I don't know .
they both said it's a bird .
then they both said at the same time no it's a plane .
then as soon as the object landed like no it's alien invasions .
right as soon as it landed these supports came out from the bottom of the ship .
then a door opened with steam coming out of it .
so they hid behind a bush until they can see what happened .
then aliens came out a kid one a mom one a dad one .
and one more coming after it with a pet that looks like a dog but not really with a long neck .
and it had a tail with a lot of fur just like it has on his body .
they decided that they might wanna go out and meet them .
Michael was like no come back .
you can't make me go out there .
so as soon as Eliza was trying to pull Michael out Michael objected that he would go out .
Eliza said come on don't be a scaredy-cat .
they're just aliens .
Michael was like exactly aliens .
the end .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school one day , their mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
she said where do you wanna go ?
they both screamed Mcdonalds .
Lisa just was not sure what she wanted to order there .
they gotta Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and his mom knew what they were gonna order .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted to order a happy meal soda <> a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
Raymond wanted to order chocolate milkshake and what else uh +...
I forget what else .
Lisa's mom wanted to order a salad .
Lisa stepped up and told the clerk what she wanted .
clerk said it would be twelve dollar .
and Lisa's mom reached for her purse but discovered that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
and that's the end of the story .
An_Unlucky_Day is the name of [>] .
one day when Michael woke up he bumped his head on his alarm clock .
and he woke up late .
<> while pouring breakfast late he spilled the milk and cereal .
and then while tying his shoe he pulled the lace out of his shoe .
later that day he missed the bus on the way to school .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
when he finally got there the teacher was angry .
she says why weren't you here about an hour ago ?
and he explained that he was having a very unlucky day .
one day Lisa and Michael were walking in the park .
they suddenly gotta the picnic area .
and saw a ship .
out_o(f) the ship came aliens with a zillion legs .
um what was her name again ?
I always forget the name .
alright .
Lisa wanted to investigate .
but mark was scared .
but Lisa was determined .
she went forward .
and grabbed mark to come with her .
when they gotta the aliens they turned out they were pretty nice .
they invited them for a barbeque at their house .
their parents were very afraid of them and kicked them out called the police had them arrested .
and that's the end .
it was after school .
and Raymond and his sister got home from school .
and their mother said we're going out to eat tonight and asked where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond's sister couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Raymond and his mother knew what they wanted .
they wanted a happy meal and a salad .
and then Raymond's sister knew what she wanted .
and she ordered a chocolate ice cream a drink and something else .
and it all cost twelve dollars and something cents .
and then their mother went to reach for her pocketbook .
and she realized she left it home on the counter .
and they didn't know what to do .
Jacob got up .
he he was already late because he had not woken up from his alarm clock .
he went down to the kitchen made cereal .
he spilled a little bit of the milk .
but that didn't disturb him .
and when he got ready he broke his shoelace .
and after that he went outside .
and when he got out he had already missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late .
and the teacher marked him tardy .
one day Sara and Jacob were going to the park when they saw a u_f_o land .
they saw four Martians and their pet dog coming .
they were amazed .
and they went to go tell their parents .
but their parents did not believe them .
so they went back .
their parents saw the Martians coming out .
and then the parents called the government .
and the government came .
and then the Martians were gone .
they did not know where they went .
and from that day on they did not know where the aliens went .
and a year later the Martians came back .
and it happened again .
and they never saw them again after that day .
one day there [>] +/.
okay .
one day Lisa Raymond said that they were hungry to their mom .
and then their mom said what do you want ?
and then they both said Mcdonalds .
and then they drove up to the Mcdonalds restaurant &*INV:mhm and ordered uh not ordered yeah .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a hamburger .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries with a <> vanilla milkshake .
and then the the cash register person guy said to the mother that that will cost twelve dollars and <> fifty cents or something .
and the mother reached down for her purse .
and she realized that she left it at home .
what is the problem ?
or what should she do ?
one day bobby woke up by his alarm clock that woke him up .
and he had a headache and was not feeling good .
he was not having a good day .
and he wasn't feeling good .
and when he went to breakfast everything went wrong .
and he was a having a very bad day .
and even when he tried to tie his shoes his shoes snapped .
and then when he got ready and tried to catch the bus the school bus was +...
wuuohh@c let me start over .
okay .
now I get it .
okay .
now I get it .
he realized that he was late for the bus .
and then when he went to school he hadta walk to school .
and he realized he was late for that .
and he had a very bad day .
and he was late for everything .
he woke up late too .
one day Lisa and Jason were following a trail because it was on a friday .
and they were walking a trail because they were walking through the woods .
and they spotted a spaceship with aliens coming out of it with tentacles with an alien pet that looked just like a <> dog .
they treated it just like a dog .
and they were wearing human clothes like dresses and shirts .
and and the dog had his own collar .
and it looked like the aliens were moving in and having a picnic on that picnic table .
and Lisa and Jason were hiding behind a bush watching them .
and then the aliens who dropped them off there closed the spaceship and took off .
one day after Raymond and Lisa got home from school their mother said today we're going out to eat .
now where do you wanna go ?
and <> Lisa and Raymond wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted to have a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a milkshake and fries I think .
and and then Lisa finally made up her +...
and the mother ordered salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered coke and a salad .
that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
but then when the mother reached out to get her purse it was gone .
she realized she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day Andrew woke up and realized it was very late .
so he hurried with +...
well it was very late .
and he would be tardy for school .
so he hadta hurry up .
but since he hurried he wasn't careful .
when he poured the milk in his cereal bowl he spilled a_lot .
and later when he wanted to tie his shoes he ripped off the shoelace .
and then later he had missed the school bus .
so he became tardy at school .
it's called Friendly_Aliens .
one day Mark and Tina went to play in the park .
but then they heard a strange techno sound .
they looked up in the sky and was a real <> bright light .
even the daylight was nothing compared to it .
then they saw something landing .
first they thought it was a big plane .
but then they realized it was a u_f_o .
when they saw aliens stepping out of the u_f_o they ran as far away as they could .
but the aliens didn't chase them .
since then mark and Tina didn't wanna play in the park anymore .
but then since that was a long time the aliens might have forgotten about them .
so they went to play again .
but then the aliens landed again .
first they tried to run away .
but the aliens said halt !
we are not dangerous .
first they didn't wanna believe them .
but but after a lot of thinking they went to follow them .
it was very neat in the u_f_o .
they gotta see how aliens live on mars .
and then a few days later the aliens gotta see how humans live on earth .
it was tuesday .
and Raymond and Lisa's mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
where do you think we should eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
and she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to get a happy meal or uh +...
I forgot the other one .
and Raymond and the mom both knew what they were gonna get .
so Raymond got a a chocolate milkshake a cheeseburger and a coke .
the mother got a salad .
and Lisa decided that she was going to get a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
the clerk said that it was twelve dollars and forty five cents .
and the mother went to get her wallet .
but she <> had forgot her pocketbook on the kitchen counter at home .
and yeah I ended .
okay I'll call it The_Bad_Day .
one day Jim woke up .
and he thought it was just gonna be a regular day .
and he would do all of his regular stuff and go to school .
he went downstairs and saw that he had overslept a little bit .
and he was rushing while he was pouring .
and while he was pouring his milk for his breakfast into his cereal bowl he spilled it .
and it just made him even more late .
and he was trying .
and then after he finally got his breakfast he he got dressed .
and while he was starting to get his shoes on a lace broke off of his shoe .
<> so that made him even take longer to get dressed and put his shoes on .
and now he hadta also catch the bus .
but so he finally got his shoes on .
and he was just getting outside as the school bus pulled away from his house because they thought he wasn't there .
he hadta walk all the way to school which was a few blocks downtown .
and when he finally got there he saw his teacher outside .
and he got in trouble because he was late .
one day john and Maria decided that they needed some fresh air .
and they wanted to go to the park .
it was a nice saturday morning .
and they had brang a picnic basket because they planed on staying until the afternoon .
and they wanted to have lunch there .
they were going to the bench where they were going to have lunch .
but all of a sudden they saw a big green light .
and they looked up .
and then they saw a ship coming down from the sky .
it landed right next to the bench that they were about to go to .
a hatch opened from from the ship .
Maria said it looks like an alien ship .
things came out of the alien ship .
in fact they were aliens .
it was a momma alien papa alien a sister alien and a brother alien .
one of them was holding a very odd creature that that had a leash on it .
<> Maria and john thought that maybe that was their version of a dog .
Maria wanted to go and see .
but john said no .
Maria really wanted to .
but john still didn't let her .
they ran back home .
and they told their parents what had happened .
their parents said okay then .
if there are aliens let's go back to the park .
they went back to the park .
and Maria and john showed them where the alien ship had landed .
but it wasn't there anymore .
and after that they never saw it again .
on tuesday Lucy and Raymond walked in their house .
and their mother told them they were going out to eat .
and where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Lucy couldn't figure out what whether she was going to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and her mother already knew what they were going to get .
when it was time for them to order Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a fries and a <> vanilla <> milkshake .
and their mother ordered a chef salad .
finally Lisa knew what she wanted .
she was going to have a happy meal with fries and a coke .
the clerk told them that it all ordered up to twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mother reached to get her purse .
and then she realized it wasn't there .
she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
what should they do ?
one day Sam's alarm clock rang at four o'clock in the morning .
he couldn't believe it .
finally he got back to sleep .
but by then it was already time to get up .
so he stumbled out of bed and went downstairs to <> eat some breakfast .
<> he got the cereal out and the milk and the the spoon and bowl everything .
and he poured his cereal .
but he didn't really pour milk that well .
but he thought he'd try anyways .
but when he poured it the bowl overflowed and make a big mess .
and he took about an hour to clean it up .
then he went to go get dressed and put his shoes on .
when he was brushing his teeth and getting dressed and combing his hair finally put his shoes on and <> tied one .
and when he went to tie the other his shoestring broke .
and so he hadta just loop the other one around and tie it into a big knot .
he was late for the schoolbus .
and when he gotta school he hadta get a tardy and have his mom call because he was late .
one day an alien family was up in some unknown planet .
and they were getting quite bored there .
they had no friends no place to go .
and they were all pretty lonely .
they were <> sometimes a bit tired of just each other and their dog .
they had many nice things and decided to build a spaceship .
they had already learned all the things that humans knew already .
but they had no idea what humans were .
after they had their spaceship built they painted some unknown language on it and decided to go see what there was to see .
one day they saw a planet that had some blue stuff and some green stuff and some white stuff .
they decided to go see what it was .
it was around that same time a man and a woman were taking a walk .
they were going to have a picnic on the picnic bench in the park .
the girl's name was Lucy .
and the boy's name was Fred .
Fred and Lucy saw the spaceship land .
and after the aliens walked out Fred wanted to go back .
but Lucy wanted to go check it out .
the aliens had already seen them and were walking over .
at that time Lucy and Fred both ran all the way back to town .
they ran straight into the closest place the bakery and told their story .
nobody believed them but said that maybe they should have a couple sweets since they might need a little sugar for the next couple of hours while everybody keeps saying no we believe your story .
the end .
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were gonna go out to eat .
and at the same time they yelled +...
their mom asked them where they wanted to eat .
and at the same time they yelled Mcdonalds .
and at the end of the story their mom didn't have their purse .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and the mom knew exactly what they wanted to get .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french_fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mom just got a salad .
and then Lisa remembered what she wanted to get .
and she got a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
The_Bad_Day .
a boy named Austin forgot to set his alarm clock one day .
and he woke up late .
and then he didn't have much time to get ready for school .
so he ran downstairs and got him some cereal .
but he spilled the milk all over the table instead of the bowl because he was looking at the clock instead of watching how much milk he was pouring .
then he went back upstairs and got dressed .
once he was done getting dressed he went downstairs and was <> about to tie one of his shoes .
and the shoelace broke .
and so he couldn't tie them very well .
and then when he went outside to get the bus he missed it .
and he was tryin(g) to run after it .
but it didn't see him .
so he was late .
and then he <> ran to school like probably .
and he was late .
and the principal told him that he was late .
so he probably got in trouble .
The_Aliens_And_The_Kids .
one day two kids named Jill and Tommy were outside playing in the park .
and a a alien ship from Mars came down .
and aliens walked out .
and Jill wanted to go see them .
but Tommy didn't .
he was afraid that they would do something .
so Jill pulled him as hard as she could to get him to come with her .
and they introduced theirselves [: themselves] .
and the alien family was really nice .
they played with the alien family for the whole day until it was dark .
and then the next day they met again and started to play all the time .
the mother said we're going to go out to eat .
and she asked her children what they wanted to eat .
the children <> yelled out Mcdonalds .
the two children jumped into the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
her brother and her mother knew both what they wanted .
her brother wanted a Big_Mac french_fries and a chocolate chip milkshake .
his mother wanted a Big_Mac french_fries and a soda .
and Lisa had icecream .
and it was vanilla .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and the mother realized her purse was on on the kitchen counter at home .
okay Marvin woke up late because he didn't have his clock ready .
he got up didn't get dressed .
but he went to go eat some cereal .
he put cereals in the bowl .
Marvin poured the milk in the bowl .
and it splattered everywhere .
after Marvin made the mess he cleaned it up went in his room to go get dressed .
Marvin got his shirt his pants on and then his shoes .
he tried tying his shoe .
and then one of his laces broke .
and he got angry .
so he tied it anyway .
Marvin got his backpack gave his mom a kiss and a hug and went outside for the bus .
but Marvin was too late .
the bus had left .
Marvin hadta walk to school .
Marvin saw his teacher .
and and she was holding her arm and pointing at her watch .
and she said you are late .
and Marvin was very sad .
okay Here_Comes_New_People_In_Town .
that's the title of my story .
Andy and David were walking to a park .
and a alien ship fell in the middle of the park .
a family of aliens walked out of the ship .
they had a pet .
and and Andy and David were surprised and scared .
David told Andy don't go near them .
but Andy wanted to make friends with them .
but David said no .
but Andy start pulling David .
and Andy went over there by herself since David didn't wanna go .
Andy introduced herself to them .
Andy wasn't that scared .
so she said there was nothing wrong to her brother .
and then they went home .
and they went home to tell their mother and their father that there was new people coming into town .
and that's it .
Lisa and Robert asked their mother they wanted what to eat Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Robert <> wanted a hamburger and a large order of fries .
and Lisa wanted a cheeseburger and fries .
when they gotta Mcdonalds their mother ordered a large cheeseburger and a drink with vanilla shake .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
suddenly there was a problem .
she reached down for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she noticed that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
Matt raise out of bed for school .
he he went in the kitchen to fix some breakfast .
but he was about ten minutes late from school .
he went in his room and tied his shoes .
he he <> missed the bus .
and by the time he gotta school there was a problem with the teacher .
he was late for school .
Martha and her dad was going to the park for for a picnic .
before they gotta the picnic table aliens rushed to the table to have their picnic first .
so they sat on the ground and had their picnic .
one alien was still trapped in the ship .
a girl had a dog and had her mom's hand .
the dad was packing suitcases .
and the brother was still in the ship .
Martha's dad was scared .
she thought it was fun .
but there was still a problem .
and the park was safe and sound .
there's a mom .
and she has a boy named Raymond and a little girl named Lisa .
and she asked them where they wanted to go eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they get +...
while they're driving Raymond doesn't know if he wants a kidsmeal or a Big_Mac .
but Lisa and her mom both know what they want .
when they get there Lisa orders a cheeseburger french_fries vanilla milkshake and a vanilla icecream cone .
their mother orders a salad .
and Raymond orders a kidsmeal french_fries vanilla milkshake and a vanilla icecream cone .
and when the clerk says it's five something they find out that they left their money on the kitchen counter at their house .
there's a little boy named Josh .
and when he gets up for school he looks at his clock .
and he looks at his clock .
and he's late .
he gets up brushes his teeth runs into the kitchen starts making breakfast as fast as he can .
then he was about to go outside when he notices he hasta get dressed runs back into his room puts on a long sleeved shirt and jeans puts on his socks and shoes starts tying his shoes when his shoelace brakes .
<> he ties it as_well_as he can with that and <> grabs his backpack runs outside .
when he runs out the schoolbus is past his house .
he runs after the schoolbus until he reaches school .
when he gets there the principal was standing outside and is <> mad at him for being late for school .
once there was boy named Jake and his little sister Catherine .
they liked exploring the forest behind their house in the park .
so one day when they were walking through the park they found something in the sky far away .
Daniel got scared .
Lisa wanted to see what it was .
she started going closer .
then it started to land .
and there was a little door that opened .
Lisa was very excited .
Daniel was starting to run away when Lisa grabbed his arm and pulled him back and said lets find out what's in there .
it could be a new hair brushing kit .
and Daniel kept telling Lisa that they should go home .
Lisa I mean +...
Lisa kept walking closer and closer and pulling Daniel along behind her .
all of a sudden the door opened and out came these octopus looking aliens with luggage and a lot of legs .
there was a little girl one .
and she was holding a dog .
there was a mother a big sister and a father .
Daniel got even more scared .
Lisa went up and met them .
they soon became very <> great friends .
and they lived as next door neighbors .
tuesday tuesday night <> Lisa and Raymond [% (6.)] +...
I don't remember how the first part started .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered stuff .
but their mama left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and they went home .
one morning when mike got up he fixed hisself a bowl of cereal .
but he spilt the milk .
can I start over ?
one morning as mike woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up he went downstairs to fix hisself a bowl of cereal .
he spilt the milk because he was having a bad day .
when he tries to go to school he missed the bus .
his shoes were untied .
and he fell .
when he finally reached school he was late .
and (6.) he just went to class .
this story is called The_Alien_Family .
one afternoon Michael and Lisa were running through the park .
they saw a big spaceship .
they couldn't believe their eyes .
but when the people got out Michael and Lisa ran .
they said that it was aliens .
they couldn't believe it .
so they ran back home to get their mom and dad .
and the family went through the park to find the aliens .
the aliens spoke .
but Michael and Lisa didn't know what they were saying .
so they just made friends and lived happily ever after .
the story was +...
Lisa and the boy they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa ordered chicken .
and the boy ordered cheeseburger .
and the mother ordered a Big_Mac .
and the girl wanted vanilla icecream cone .
and then the boy want a vanilla shake .
he got out of bed .
then he looked at the time .
yeah .
and then he put his shoes on .
and then he ran to the bus .
and then he gotta school .
this girl is pulling the boy's hand to come back .
and this boy is behind the girl waiting for the girl to go farther .
and there's a boy behind .
the boy is following the girl's hand .
well no .
okay .
on tuesday Raymond and Lisa wanted to go +...
their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
and their mom asked her when they said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't make up her mind what to get .
and Raymond knew just what to get .
so did his mom .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind and had a chocolate icecream <> cone and french_fries and a cheeseburger .
and then when Raymond and his mom ordered a cheeseburger and french_fries and large milkshake .
and then the clerk said that it was twelve fifteen .
and then the mom <> went down and looked for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left it at at home on the counter .
there was a boy that slept in too long .
and he forgot that it was time for school .
he only had a little bit .
and then he went downstairs to get some breakfast .
and he spilled milk all over .
and then he went upstairs to go change .
and then he got his bookbag on and then went outside .
and he was late for the bus .
and the bus just passed .
and then he went back home .
and he got some things .
and then he walked walked to school .
and he was a little bit late .
and then he told told the teacher that he was sorry that he was late because he slept in too long .
(8.) and then he went to school .
once there was a boy and a girl .
they were gonna go to the park for a little bit and play .
and and then they went over .
and they were behind a bush .
and then they saw four aliens and a alien dog .
and then the boy said don't go over there .
and the girl just wandered over there and say hi or something .
and the boy was telling her not to .
<> and he was grabbing her to take her back .
but she just wanted to go over and do something to them .
and the aliens were saying hi and stuff .
they were +...
and the boy thought they were really scary .
and they went .
and they came out of the ship from from somewhere .
and then the boy finally got the girl .
and then the aliens and the alien dog finally after they played and all that they went back in their ship .
they went far far away .
and the girl got sorta mad .
but then they finally went back home and told their parents .
and they didn't do anything .
and they didn't believe .
so and then they never came back again .
when when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother got home and said <> we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go to eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they went to the <> closest Mcdonalds .
and when they got in there their mother said what do you want ?
and Lisa says I don't know if I should pick a happy meal or what ever else she said .
and then Raymond said he was picking a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mom was ordering a salad .
and then finally Lisa made up her mind to get a happy meal a coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and it all totaled twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and their mom had left the purse at home .
and that was the problem because she didn't have her purse .
and she couldn't pay for it .
Alan Alan woke up .
and it was past the time he usually woke up in the morning .
and he hadta go to school that morning .
so when he went out to pour his breakfast he was pouring the milk into the cereal .
and it splatted everywhere .
then as Alan went to tie his shoes the shoelace broke off .
and he was very mad and frustrated because he had woken up at the wrong time spilled milk all over the counter .
and his shoelace had fallen off .
when he went outside to try and catch the bus the bus was already there and had left a little ways .
Alan was running running very fast after the bus .
and so since he didn't catch the bus he hadta walk to school .
and when he got at school the teacher said your time is very late .
the end .
Marie and Benjamin were walking through the woods on a trail that they usually walked through in the afternoon after they got home from school .
when they were walking on the trail they heard a very weird loud noise .
when they were hiding behind the bushes to see what it was they saw that it was a very big and yellow and orange and red spaceship that was landing .
when the door opened to the spaceship purple doted aliens came out of the spaceship .
uh I don't remember the names .
what did I say .
well Michelle wanted to go and meet these aliens with their alien dog .
but Benjamin said no no we can't go see strangers and aliens that have just come out of a very weird spaceship .
so Michelle decided that she would go back home and tell their parents .
and when they told their parents their parents wanted them to show them the trail that the aliens came out of .
when they showed them the trail they walked down and hid behind the bushes .
and sure enough they could all see that there were aliens had landed .
and a huge spaceship that was there .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond +...
they went to Mcdonalds .
they was happy because their mother said that they was going out to eat .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't make up her mind what she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
and finally Lisa made up her mind .
Lisa ordered a happy meal with fries coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
Raymond ordered a Big_Mac fries with a large vanilla shake .
their mother ordered a salad .
and the clerk told them that it was twelve ninety nine .
and when their mother reached for her purse she realized it wasn't there .
she realized that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Thomas .
he was sleep .
he heard the clock ring .
but he woke up late .
when he got up he went to the kitchen to make his breakfast and everything went wrong .
he put the cereal in the bowl poured the milk .
and the milk wasted .
then when he put on his clothes he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace had broken .
then when he was walking for the school bus he figured that he would get there early .
but when he got there the school bus had already drove off .
and he gotta school late .
and his teacher said next time get here early .
one day there was a boy and a girl .
their names were Brittany and Jamere .
they went to the park to have the picnic .
and all of the sudden they saw a spaceship land in the middle of the forest .
they ran to the bushes as fast as they could .
and what they saw were a family of octopus .
and they were so afraid except for Brittany .
she wanted to go say hi and touch their pet .
but her brother Jamere wouldn't let her .
he said no no don't go .
and she held onto his hand grabbing him telling him to go forward .
but they never did .
until that day forward Brittany had always remembered that day .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said that they were gonna eat out .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat out .
and Raymond and Lisa both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to order .
she was deciding between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mom already knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond ordered a hamburger and french_fries with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
then Lisa decided to have a happy meal with a chocolate milkshake .
the clerk said it would be twelve dollars .
and their mom was gonna reach for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she left the purse on the kitchen counter .
one day +...
a boy named john woke up .
and his alarm didn't go off when it was sposta .
so he thought he was gonna be late for school .
then he went to his kitchen and had breakfast .
and it was cereal and milk .
and he spilled some milk on the table and on the floor .
then when he was done with breakfast he got dressed .
and he was tying his shoe when the strap broke .
so he decided just to go outside to the school bus where it would be waiting for him .
and when he got outside the school bus was already starting to go away .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he finally gotta school he was late .
one day Samantha and peter were on a camping trip with their family .
and they decided to walk down a trail when they saw a clearing .
and then they saw something up in the sky .
and the thing landed .
and out came a little boy a girl and another boy with a a little animal .
Samantha wanted to go take a better look .
but peter thought that they should run away and tell their parents so their parents could figure out who the people were .
but Samantha didn't listen and started to go .
but then peter grabbed her and told her that they they probably should go back to the campsite .
so Samantha finally gave up going to go and see who the people were and said okay let's go back and tell our parents .
the end .
yesterday we came home from school .
and our mother asked we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you like to eat ?
both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Alice couldn't make up her mind what she wanted .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Roberto and and his mom both know what they wanted .
so when he gotta the counter he told the clerk one cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mother told them a salad .
finally Allison figured out what she wanted .
she told the clerk a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
the clerk said twelve fifty please .
when the mother went to look in her purse she realized that she didn't have the money .
she realized that that she had left it on the kitchen counter .
one morning I got up .
then I got up .
and I went in the kitchen and poured some cereal in a bowl and poured my milk .
but my milk had poured all over the place .
then after I ate my breakfast I went into my bedroom got dressed .
and I was tying my shoes .
and one of my shoelaces came off .
then by the time I got ready I had missed my school bus .
so I had walked a long long time to school .
and I had walked a really really long time to school .
finally I gotta school .
my teacher met me outside the door .
she said you're late .
I think you needta go to the office and get a tardy slip .
so I went into the office got a tardy slip .
and after that my day was worse than it was this morning .
one day (8.) a boy and a girl went walking walking to the park .
then all of a sudden they saw this picnic .
then they were gonna sit on the ground .
but then all of a sudden they saw this picnic table .
they were running over there .
and then all of a sudden they stopped .
and they looked up to the sky .
and they saw this thing floating in the air .
they hid behind the bushes .
the girl said lets go check them out .
lets go check this thing out when it landed .
then the boy kept holding her back and saying no no lets stay here lets stay here .
but the girl kept forcing him to come on .
then all of a sudden the spaceship door opened .
and out came three aliens and an alien dog .
he said whoa look at that .
I think we should stay here .
and she kept on saying no no no no .
so finally the boy gave up and went with her .
then they met the family .
and they didn't think that they could speak english .
but they did .
and the boy and the girl asked why did you come to earth ?
they said where do you live ?
and they told them that they lived on mars .
then they said why did you come here ?
why did you come to earth ?
and they said for a vacation .
the boy and the girl said at the same time well where are you gonna stay ?
they said we're gonna stay here in this beautiful hotel .
and the boy and the girl said this isn't a hotel .
this is a park .
they said a park ?
what the heck is a park ?
they said a park is where kids go have fun run off and just be kids .
they're all oh okay .
so the little alien girl said mom can I go run around have some time like they said at the park ?
the mom and dad said no .
and the little alien girl said why not .
the parents said because we wanna explore it .
and we want you to be here when we see new things and exciting things .
the little alien girl said okay .
they walked off in the park .
and the spaceship left .
they found a place underneath a tree [% clears throat] behind the bushes where they were at the first time .
then that's where they were gonna stay .
the little boy and the little girl stayed there until the aliens got settled .
then after that everyday that the aliens were there the boy and the girl went back to play with the little girl and the alien dog .
Raymond and Lisa's mother asked them where they wanted to go out to dinner .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and the vanilla milkshake .
her mother looked in her purse .
and she realized that she left her purse [% phone ringing] on the kitchen counter [% phone ringing] .
and that was it .
john looked at his clock .
and he only had a couple minutes to go before school started .
he <> hurried up , ran downstairs , and poured his milk .
but he forgot the cereal .
so he poured the milk back into the container put the cereal in the bowl , poured the milk again but he spilt it all over the table .
he cleaned it up .
the clock .
oh no he said I only have one minute to catch the bus .
he started crying .
then he ran back upstairs , put his clothes on as quickly as can be , ran back downstairs , got his shoes , put them on .
he was ripping his shoelaces so hard trying to put it on .
and they snapped .
he decided just not to tie his shoes at all .
when he was running out his shoes were slipping .
he decided to wear different shoes .
he ran back upstairs , got a different pair of shoes , put those on , and tied them without so much pulling and tugging .
he ran outside .
the bus was leaving .
he ran to school .
by the time he got there his teacher was standing right outside the door .
his teacher asked john where were you ?
and she goes I woke up late .
and I just was having problems .
I'm not having a very good morning .
and she said get inside or you won't be having a very good afternoon either .
john went inside .
and he ended up having a fine day except going to bed .
he couldn't go to bed .
Sarah heard the phone ring .
she answered it .
it was a squeaky voice .
it was her friend .
well that's what the person said at least .
she said hi Sarah this is Michelle .
my family's having a picnic .
would you like to come ?
and she's like why is your voice so squeaky ?
oh my phone isn't working very well .
and she's like bring your brother Shane along .
my brother David will be there .
so they told their parents .
and they went outside .
they looked .
they were walking there .
and suddenly over the bush they saw an alien family and a flying saucer .
but it was landed .
someone was waving goodbye from the saucer .
Shane wanted to hide behind the bush and sneak away home .
but Michelle said oh how bad can these aliens be .
they have two arms and just a couple more legs than we do .
a couple more Shane said .
about lets just say fifty more .
and she's like oh come on Shane .
she grabbed Shane .
and they went .
the aliens had the squeaky voice .
the same voice she heard that that said this was Michelle , Sarah's friend .
so Sarah said where's my friend Michelle .
they pointed to a little girl .
that's not my friend Michelle unless you're in your halloween costume because halloween's not until next month .
well , no no I'm your friend Michelle .
I've been watching you .
all those phone calls you got that I have been talking to you .
those weren't from any of your friend Michelle .
that wasn't from your friend Michelle that's here on earth with you .
that was from me .
and I'm like I have a friend alien ?
I don't think so .
I haven't even met you before .
Sarah screamed .
the alien put their hand over it .
don't worry .
we won't hurt you .
we come in peace .
and then she said what are you doing here ?
well we hear your family has some problems .
and she's like no , no problems in a mysterious way .
well said Michelle the alien then how come you're so sad and always cry in the bathroom .
I don't do that Michelle said .
David started laughing .
Sarah told David to be quiet .
she's talking to this alien .
so David was quiet .
and he's like well that's not even true .
Sarah's standing there and she's like yes it is .
you're sad because your aunt might die .
she's like well she might .
but I wasn't crying in the bathroom .
I'm not trying to embarrass you .
it's natural to cry .
and she's like you're an alien .
how do you know anything ?
she's like aliens have feelings too .
suddenly Sarah noticed a little llama llama but dog type animal .
said what in the world is that thing that you're holding with a leash ?
oh this is my pet <> Grucchi she said .
Grucchi , what type of animal is that ?
it's a <> dogape@n .
a dogape@n ?
what's a dogape@n ?
it's a dogape@n .
it's a pet .
Sarah's very confused .
now she was thinking this can't be true .
so she grabbed their head .
but nothing came off except a speck of skin .
Sarah was <> very scared now .
the saucer was gone .
and they put all their luggage down .
are you moving here she said nervously ?
of course we are .
we like it down in here on earth .
we wanna <> meet some of you earthlings .
but but we're different than you .
we only have two legs .
and we don't have dogapes@n .
we have dogs .
and she's like oh I won't hurt you .
we both have two arms , five fingers and one head .
I'm sure we'll be fine together .
we could be best friends .
<> suddenly Sarah said where's my friend Michelle ?
(2.) Michelle she's at her house watching tv .
well that's what she was doing when I got into the saucer .
well I'm leaving .
and she's like don't leave yet .
we wanna come with you .
<> she's like never .
so David and <> Sarah ran home .
they told their parents .
their parents said oh it's probably just some crazy person dressing up .
but but I tried to grab their head off and only skin came off Sarah said nervously and sort of angry that her parents wouldn't believe her .
come here and I'll show you .
when they got back there the aliens were gone .
they went to every house in the neighborhood .
and finally at Michelle's house there were the aliens .
well Michelle her friend's house .
but Michelle the alien lived there too .
and her family was there .
but she didn't have her brother for David to play with .
she said she <> remembered what she said .
why did I hafta bring David ?
you don't have a brother .
xxx of course I do Grucchi .
my dogape@n is my brother .
David shouted well I'm never gonna be friends with a dogape@n .
I'm never gonna be friends with any alien or alien pet .
and they're like but why are you at Michelle's house ?
oh because we knew this this was the only place you would go .
their parents were now with them .
their parents , Michelle , David were all shocked in <> terror .
they couldn't get rid of these aliens .
suddenly the the aliens took off their skin .
and they were regular people .
in fact they were Michelle's cousins .
Sarah had met them before but just once .
and she's like you're regular people ?
then how come when I tried to take off our skin .
these aren't special things .
we got them at the costume store in California where we live .
here up in Ohio they don't have any good costumes .
and what about that dogape@n thing ?
oh this is just mechanical .
what about the saucer ?
I work at a space space thing .
then how come the saucer wasn't there anymore ?
it has wheels .
it it didn't seem very clear to Sarah .
but I guess she hadta believe it .
she didn't know if she wanted to believe it .
but she tried .
she went home wondering .
she never really did ever believe in aliens until now at least .
she wondered if there really was such thing as aliens .
and they were really alien in a costume as a human .
that night Sarah couldn't go to sleep .
finally she went to sleep .
but she never forgot that day with the aliens .
okay on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were going to go eat out .
she asked them where they wanted to eat .
and the kids said Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't remember what she wanted to eat .
Raymond and the mom already knew what they wanted to eat .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the Mcdonalds guy said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mom reached in her purse to get out the money the purse was at home on the kitchen counter .
the boy woke up .
and he was late .
and he hurried to eat breakfast .
and he <> spilled all over the table .
when he went to get dressed <> he tied his shoes .
and his shoelace broke .
and he was late for the schoolbus .
and he got late for school .
<> and the teacher told him he was late .
one sunday morning Jan and David went walking through the forest .
they walked all the way to the park .
and all of a sudden they heard strange noises .
and soon aliens came down .
Jan wanted to go say hi to them .
but David thought it was a real bad idea .
then Jan pulled David .
and <> they went up to the alien .
the aliens talked to them .
and they were very nice .
the aliens let Jan and David pet their dog .
then Jan and David went home and told their mom and dad .
but the mom and dad didn't believe them .
the end .
Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mother <> asked them about what they thought about eating out .
and they said that they should go eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
their mother had a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
their mother didn't have their purse .
so they couldn't pay for it .
Tim woke up on monday morning .
he woke up to find that he had broken one of his stuffed animals .
then while he was pouring milk into his bowl he spilled it while looking at the clock .
then when he tried to tie his shoes <> one of the laces broke off .
he didn't seem to be able to do anything right that morning .
he was late <> on the school bus .
when he walked to school he was very late .
he had learned a valuable lesson .
no .
Dan and Rachel went to the park one fine saturday day .
it was very sunny .
they were looking for a special flower for their mother for it was Mothers_day .
and they peered through the bushes .
they heard a faint sound .
it was coming closer and closer and closer .
they peaked over the bushes .
it was a u_f_o .
when it touched the ground aliens came out an alien girl with a dog an alien mother holding the girl's hand and an alien father .
Rachel wanted to see them .
but instead Dan tried to pull her away .
Dan was afraid that they were enemies .
but Rachel knew that they were not .
Rachel pulled Dan as hard as she could .
and then finally with the last tug she got him off the ground .
she ran over to the aliens to greet them .
but they only said a different language .
she couldn't understand .
then the dog barked and growled .
and the girl screamed .
the father took out a very very very big gun and almost shot at them .
but they were scared enough .
so they ran and ran all the way home .
they told their mother .
and their mother said why don't you look in the library to see stuff about u_f_os .
and so they did .
they found a book with pictures of real u_f_os .
they found a picture of that very same ship with the dog the girl the mother and the father coming out .
they decided that they should think about things before they run over or to look at them .
on tuesday their mom came home .
and she asked Lisa and Raymond where they wanted to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't remember what to order .
um I think a +...
I'm not sure what she wanted .
and she +...
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a kid's happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it all costed [: cost] [* m:=ed] twelve dollars .
their mom came home and she looked for her purse .
and she didn't know where it was .
and then she said I left it on the kitchen counter .
so that's the end of the story .
a boy woke up from bed .
his name was Michael .
he woke up and spilled his milk on his cereal .
and he was kind of sad because of that .
he broke a shoelace .
and he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late and upset .
his teacher might have yelled at him .
a boy and a girl named Michael and Julie were walking on a path .
they were trying to find a picnic table to eat their lunch .
but they saw some smoke .
and they didn't know what it was .
so they went over to it .
and it was a spaceship .
and aliens started getting off .
they were kind of scared .
but Michael almost ran .
but Julie grabbed his hand and wanted to +...
this thing .
Michael wanted to go .
but Julie wanted to stay and see the aliens .
and Julie thought it was kind of cool .
so she grabbed Michael's hand .
and she was gonna go see him .
but then they heard a loud screeching noise .
and they didn't know what it was .
so they ran home and told their parents of what they had found .
and they tried to get back .
but something was in the way .
and so they couldn't go .
and their parents didn't believe them .
so they never saw the aliens again .
all right there was a girl Lisa and Raymond .
and their mother asked they were gonna go eat out and what they wanted .
and they both said Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
and when they got there Lisa was debating whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond and the mother already knew what they want .
so Raymond ordered his vanilla milkshake and hamburger .
and then the mom ordered a salad .
Lisa <> finally decided and said she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said it was twelve ninety five .
so as the mother reached for the purse she noticed it wasn't there .
and then remembered that she left on the kitchen counter .
and and [>] what should they do ?
one morning Ryan woke up half an hour later than what he was sposta and just realized something was not the same as everyday he always is .
at breakfast he spilt the milk all over the table .
and it was eight thirty already when his school starts at eight forty five .
he got dressed and while tryin(g) to tie his shoe his shoelace ripped .
and after running out the door he saw the bus leaving and started running after it .
the bus already left so he hadta run all the way to school .
and was thirty minutes late .
Ryan was just having the worst day ever .
on sunday Michael and Rachel were playing at the park when they heard some weird motor of like a car or something .
so they they followed the sound .
and they hid behind a bush .
and they saw this spaceship or u_f_o and saw a goat looking thing and a girl holding it's leash and pulling their mother .
the the aliens had eight legs or more .
and they <> had little polka dots on them .
they were talking in this language .
and Michael or Rachel couldn't understand them .
but they kept on listening .
and they kept on thinking and thinking .
and finally they could understand it .
and it said yeah lets have our picnic here .
how long should we visit and all this other stuff .
and then the spaceship took off .
and Michael and Rachel were scared because the father looked mad .
Lisa and Thomas was at home .
and their mother asked them what do ya'll wanna go eat tonight ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
the mother got her keys .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
then Lisa couldn't figure out if she wanted a Big_Mac or a children's .
so Thomas had ordered a large order of fries a milkshake vanilla and a big hamburger .
and the mother had wanted salad .
and then the daughter had finally made up her mind .
she had wanted a Children_Meal with a chocolate icecream and a drink .
and then the lady said it will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom reached in her purse .
and she had forgot it on the kitchen counter .
can I make up any name for him ?
junior he was laying in bed .
he was sleep .
then his his clock was ringing ringing ringing .
then he woke up .
he looked at the time .
he said oh no .
he tried to hurry up .
he got his clothes on .
he tried to eat some cereal .
but he was just in a rush .
he just rushed too much .
so his milk just spilt all over the table .
and a little bit fell on the floor .
and he was just looking at the time .
he put his clothes on .
he was tryin(g) to tie his shoes .
but his shoestrings broke because he was in a rush .
he was in a rush so +...
so junior went to go find another shoestring so he can tie with his shoes .
then junior locked the door shut it made sure it's real locked so nobody won't break in .
and then he tried to hurry up and catch the school bus as fast as he can .
but junior he was left behind .
he tried to yell wait up wait up but he couldn't .
so junior walked to school .
and then the principal or the teacher was outside saying junior you're late for school .
then he was sad .
then he had got a tardy permit .
the end .
it was a monday morning .
and there was little fairy tail creatures and two real people in it .
so a boy Joseph and Michelle was playing .
and Michelle was just in a rush .
she had went too fast .
and then Joseph had saw some little people that they didn't even know .
and Joseph just tried to stop Michelle .
but Michelle just kept on going .
so Michelle had grabbed Joseph arm and just ran and ran .
but then Joseph said no stop .
it's little fairy tale people .
we don't know where they live .
they just came on a big old ship .
but they had ran into them .
and they were just scared .
they had a pet .
but they tried to make friends .
but they just scared them off to have a cool outdoors picnic .
the mother and the daughter cook while the little girl goes play with her little animal .
and the father set up the table .
they moved in for a couple of days like a week or so .
and then Joseph and Michelle just went back behind the bushes .
and then went home and told their mother what they had saw .
but they didn't believe them .
but when Joseph and Michelle said we'll show you where they live .
and they scared us off .
so Joseph and Michelle went +...
they took their parents there .
then didn't even see them .
they had left .
but but then when Joeseph and Michelle left they looked behind them .
they was there again .
the end .
okay .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them where they wanted to go out to eat .
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide between a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
when Raymond went he ordered a cheeseburger and french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally decided what to get .
she got a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
but the clerk said the total came to twelve ninety five .
when the mother reached for their purse to pay for it she realized that her purse was not there .
she had left it home on the kitchen counter .
Jake's_rotten_day .
one day while Jake was getting ready for school he never heard his alarm go off on his clock and got up too late and was very late for school .
when he got up he realized he was very late getting started .
when he was pouring his milk for his cereal he was too busy looking at the clock to realize that he was overflowing his milk in his bowl .
then when he was getting ready and all dressed he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
then when he went outside to try and catch his bus he missed his bus because he was always so late because he had slept in .
he had spilled his milk .
and his his shoelace had broken .
when he gotta school another way his teacher was disappointed in him for coming so late .
(11.) Jake was very upset because he had not pleased his teacher as he had wished to .
one day Jonathan and Sarah went out to the park to play .
when they were playing Sarah had heard a noise .
she said <> to Jonathan lets go <> over and find out what that noise was .
when they went over to where the noise had come from they saw that a spaceship had landed .
there were aliens coming out of the spaceship with a little alien dog .
Sarah was excited .
she wanted to go see what was and wanted to meet these aliens .
Jonathan on the other hand was no we shouldn't .
we should just go straight home .
this is weird .
I don't wanna see this .
and Sarah said come on it'll be fun .
and Jonathan finally gave in .
and they went to go meet the aliens .
the aliens were so scared that they abducted Sarah and Jonathan into their spaceship .
Jonathan said to Sarah I told you this was a bad idea .
and Sarah said to the aliens please don't hurt us .
we're just trying to meet you and say hello .
and then the aliens felt bad for they had scared the two kids .
they let the kids off and waved and explained why they were down down on earth .
they said that their full spaceship had had a problem .
and they could not get it to work .
so they had come down to try and see if they could find some parts and just to visit .
Sarah and Jonathan asked if there was anything they could do .
well we've already got the part we needed .
so I'm afraid there is nothing other than don't tell anybody about us .
Sarah and Jonathan said they wouldn't .
and they waved goodbye to their alien friends as they went back up to space .
one day Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mother came and said tonight we are going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and Raymond and Lisa both decided Mcdonalds .
then when they went to Mcdonalds , Lisa didn't know what to order either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mother knew what they were gonna order .
once they were at at the counter Raymond told the clerk he wanted a cheeseburger , vanilla milkshake , and fries .
and then their mother said I'll have a salad .
and then Lisa decided she was gonna have a happy meal and a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and then when <> the clerk told them the total was twelve fifty .
and their mother reached in her purse to get the money .
and she found that <> she left it on the kitchen table .
and do I hafta say what you asked me ?
and so she <> realized she left it on the kitchen table .
one day Billy woke up from school .
but he woke up late .
and he noticed that he forgot to set his alarm clock .
he was so worried and trying to rush and rush and rush .
so then when he got downstairs to eat breakfast he was looking at the clock .
and he was like oh no I don't have much time until the bus comes .
and when he was pouring his milk into his cereal it spilled all over the place .
and he just felt this is the worst day possible .
then once he got changed he was tying his shoes to catch the bus .
and then all the sudden when he was trying to tie them his shoelace fell apart .
and he was like this is really is not a good day .
this is so not fair .
then he was going outside running to catch the bus .
and it starts .
and it goes away without him .
then he's really mad .
and he hasta walk to school .
he's running as fast as he can trying to catch the bus .
but the bus turns into a subdivision .
so then he's walking to school for like oh my gosh how can I have this bad day ?
this is so not possible .
when he gets to school his teacher is outside saying Billy , Billy , Billy you're late , look at the time .
and he goes I'm sorry I'm having the worst day possible .
she's like well get in class and get ready for school .
one day <> Marsha and Tim were going on a picnic .
and so they were walking from their house to the picnic benches in this grassy field .
when they got there Marsha saw this spaceship land .
and she saw all these aliens coming out .
Tim was frightened .
and he was like come on Marsha .
lets go .
we can go tell someone .
lets just get out of here .
and she's like no lets lets watch them .
so she ducked behind some bushes .
and and Tim went with her .
but Tim was very scared .
<> and so they were watching some aliens .
and Marsha was watching them very carefully .
she was saying how much they look like real people .
how they were were just like a family and even had a little pet like a dog .
Marsha said maybe they won't be that bad .
lets go meet them .
and Tim was so scared he was like no .
I'm gonna run away .
Marsha said come on Tim .
it'll be fun .
and if they do anything tricky we'll just run as fast as we can .
we can run faster than those aliens .
he was like but they've got those special guns .
come on Tim .
so Marsha and Tim decided to go meet the aliens .
once they went over to say hi to the little girl alien they go hello .
and she goes ahh@c mommy , mommy look .
she's like oh my gosh look they're humans .
and then their little alien dog started barking at them .
Marsha [% door slamming] said don't worry .
we won't hurt anyone .
we just wanted to see you [% door opening] .
you look just like our family .
what are you guys doing like ?
we're going on a picnic .
and we love this place .
we come here every other sunday .
and so she decided to go .
so <> they asked them if they'd like to join them .
Marsha said sure that'd be fun .
and so Tim was like yeah maybe it won't be so bad after all .
so they're unpacking their lunch .
and then all of a sudden Marsha goes we can't stay come on Tim .
Tim goes why ?
goes we forgot to ask our mom .
and then they said they'd be back .
and they waved goodbye .
they ran as fast as they could to their parents and said mom , dad can we go on a picnic with these aliens we met in the grassy field ?
their parents said I thought you were already gone on a picnic ?
but mom we wanna go with the aliens .
and we decided to ask for your permission .
they're very nice .
and you'd like them .
so the parents said I told you you could go on a picnic .
but I don't believe any of this alien stuff .
and Marsha and Tim said we can prove it come on .
so the parents are like okay .
so they all went to the grassy field to have a picnic .
but when they were there the aliens weren't there anymore .
Marsha and Tim go they were right here wait .
and so then they see the little baby girl alien who's siting on the ground crying .
and then Marsha and Tim go what's wrong ?
and she goes my my mommy and daddy they they went without me .
and so Marsha and Tim get so worried .
and they start running as fast as they can .
and Marsha's pointing up in the sky to where their u_f_os were running .
they're they're yelling wait , wait , wait .
then all of a sudden Marsha has an idea .
she grabbed the rock and throws it at the bottom of the spaceship .
then they notice there's something .
so they stick their heads out the window .
and they go wait you forgot your little baby .
and then the mom's like oh no you hafta turn around , not my little Zoe .
so they fly back and go to get their little baby .
and then Marsha and Tim go why did you decide to leave ?
they're like well we got a call that my father's in the hospital .
we needta go back as soon as we can .
so then they wave goodbye .
and Marsha and Tim go we'll miss you .
and then when the aliens leave Marsha and Tim tell their parents see we told you .
and then the parents said maybe there are aliens .
but still that doesn't mean you should go off yelling about them .
they might get abducted .
and they seem like very nice people .
they're like can we write to them .
and their parents just started laughing and laughing .
and so it ends up that every other sunday Marsha and Tim would go back to the grassy field and have a picnic with the aliens .
their mother asked where do yall wanna go to eat ?
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
so the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to order .
but Raymond +...
but she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
<> but Raymond knew what he wanted to order .
he ordered a happy meal and a vanilla milkshake .
and then Lisa remembered what wait +...
the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa figured out she wanted to get a happy meal and fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mother realized that she forgot her purse at home .
and it it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents I think .
The_Bad_Day .
Max woke up one day and saw that he was late for school .
when it was eight o'clock he went to go get his breakfast .
but everything went wrong .
he spilled the flour .
the milk went all over his <> chair .
and they were out of cereal .
when he finally got outside his shoelace broke .
and <> he got really mad .
then he saw that the bus was leaving .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
then the teacher +...
then when he got there the teacher said said why are you late ?
why are you late ?
and Max told about his bad day .
the teacher said well I'm sorry .
but your homework it's gonna count twenty points off .
and then Max fell asleep in school .
and then when he went home he told his mother about his day .
and his mother got really mad .
it's called Planet_Weird .
on this planet there are humans .
and there are different kinds of animals and weird things .
one day the only two human children went to go look into a spaceship that had landed .
they had different things like aliens .
Planet_Weird didn't have that .
so they went up and saw aliens coming out .
the boy ran for his life because he was a scaredy-cat .
his name was chucky .
the girl said let's go see .
her name was Megan .
they went up .
and they saw a dog .
a weird dog .
it had a weird nose .
it had weird ears .
they didn't know what to call it .
but they were scared of it .
then when the aliens walked out of the spaceship they they went into it to see what it was like .
and then they saw all these gadgets and stuff like that .
when they went in wait +...
after they figured out what everything meant they pushed the button that meant blastoff .
they didn't know how to work the rest of it .
they only know what the buttons meant .
they didn't know how to work the controls or anything .
after that they they figured out the button to stop it .
when they came back down to the planet they went and told their parents that they had found a spaceship .
their parents didn't believe them .
but they did ground them for telling a lie or what they thought was a lie .
Lisa and Raymond's mom said that they could eat out that night <> on tuesday .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so <> they both jump in the car .
and their <> drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa wasn't sure what she wanted .
Raymond and their mom both knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a Big_Mac .
and and their mom wanted a salad .
finally Lisa just told the clerk I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate <> icecream cone .
the clerk replied that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then when their mom reached in her purse she felt for the money .
and it wasn't there .
then she realized that it was at home on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
one day Andrew got out of bed .
and +/.
one day Andrew slept not too good .
and he woke up .
and he realized that he had slept too long and was late .
so he quickly got out of bed .
and made himself cereal .
but he couldn't help but rush himself as he knew how late it was .
she didn't even realize himself spilling milk all over the kitchen counter .
he still kept hurrying .
and he broke his shoelace .
still unhappily the school bus left without him .
and he hadta run to school .
when he gotta school his teacher scolded him for being late .
he he knew he should have gone to bed earlier that night .
one day Annie called Joshua telling him about a strange ship that had landed the day before .
Joshua didn't believe her .
so she grabbed his +/.
so she went to his house and tried to explain to him best she could .
finally he decided to go with her .
then she grabbed his arm and raced to the ship hoping it would still be there .
as they they hid behind a bush and watched as four strange creatures crawled out on strange tentaclelike legs .
there was a a father a mother a baby and what looked like a dog .
Joshua screamed in terror but Annie wanted to go meet them .
she ran out behind the bush and greeted them .
of course their language was nothing like hers .
so she didn't understand a word they said .
but she could tell they were friendly .
she went to pet the dog but realized it was nothing she should pet since it was too wiry for her to touch .
she decided to leave them alone and walk around earth as it seemed they had never been there before .
finally Annie looked back to say hello to them again as she had thought about what she had done .
but when she went back to the place where the ship had been it was gone .
Lisa and her brother came home from school .
and their mom told them that they were gonna eat out .
then their mom asked where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they went in Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to eat a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but her brother and her mom both knew what they were gonna get .
her brother ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and fries .
and her mom ordered a hamburger .
then Lisa finally decided she wanted a happy meal .
so Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
the total was twelve dollars and ninety five cents .
and then when her mom went to get the money she realized that she had left her purse home on the kitchen counter .
one morning Jiminey woke up .
and he thought that oh it's a saturday .
so I'm gonna sleep in .
so he slept in .
and then he thought oh no !
then his alarm clock went off .
he thought oh no !
I forgot .
it's a monday .
so he hadta wake up and hurry to get his breakfast .
and when he went into the kitchen all the cereal was gone .
and he only had milk .
and he spilt it all over the table .
so then he hadta clean it up real fast because he was already late for school .
then after he cleaned it up Jiminey was trying to hurry and pull his shoelaces tight .
and then his shoelace snapped .
so he hadta go and find another pair of shoelaces as quick as he could .
but then when he went to look for them he couldn't find any shoelaces .
so he hadta take his brother's shoes which didn't quite fit him .
so his toe was almost sticking out of the end .
then by the time he got all his stuff together he went to go to the school bus .
and the school bus had left .
so he was chasing the school bus to school .
and he fell in a mud puddle .
so he was all dirty when he went to school .
and his teacher said Jiminey why are you late ?
and he goes well I thought it was a saturday .
and then he went in school for class .
once upon a time it was saturday at twelve o'clock .
and Jane went out to the park to play because she told her mom .
and her mom said sure but take your brother along .
so Jane ran as fast as she could to get away from her brother because they were playing tag .
when she finally gotta the park she stopped to catch her breath .
then out of the corner of her eye she saw a person with eight legs no hair and with purple skin and polka dots .
so she ran as fast as she could to get her brother .
Jane said Daniel Daniel come see what I found !
he goes hang_on a second Jane .
I wanna walk .
so then Jane goes but Daniel I found aliens !
I think .
and then Daniel goes aliens huh ?
aliens live in outer space .
and there's probably none .
so then she pulled Daniel as hard as she could .
and then she peeked out of the corner of her eye again .
and she saw them .
it was actually the whole family and their dog with fire all the way into its feet .
Daniel goes woah@c , come on , lets go tell mom .
and she goes no wait !
this could be a secret .
but first we hafta make sure they stay here and trap them somehow .
and then we can come get our friends and show them as proof .
so then Daniel set up a trap for the aliens as Jane ran back to get her mom dad and some of her best friends .
so they followed her .
and when the aliens went to the picnic table it collapsed .
and they were trapped in a cage with metal bars so they couldn't get out .
then when her friends saw they go oh_my_gosh !
it's aliens !
this is a story I'll never forget .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
they started driving to Mcdonalds .
and the mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa wasn't sure if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
when they ordered Lisa made up her mind that she wanted a kidsmeal a coke and a chocolate sundae .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a Big_Mac .
and <> then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mom reached for the purse it wasn't there .
she had left it home on the kitchen counter .
what do you think she should do ?
one morning he woke up .
and he saw the time .
it was really late .
and he was late for school .
he ran to the kitchen table to pour some milk and have cereal .
he spilt all over the place while looking at the clock .
when he went to put his [% child coughs] shoes on his shoelace broke .
then he started running to school .
he thought he was gonna be extremely late .
when he gotta the busstop the schoolbus had already started to leave .
he ran after it screaming come back come back .
when he stopped looking at the school bus leave he just decided to walk the rest of the way to school .
it was a long walk .
when he gotta school the teacher taped her watch and said you're very late .
he was disappointed that day and had a bad day the rest of the day .
one time a brother and sister were going to the park .
they loved to play hide-and-go-seek in the park .
when they were playing hide-and-go-seek the sister was behind a bush .
the brother came and saw her .
she was just starting to walk out to see something .
the brother didn't know what it is .
but when he came out he saw aliens coming out of a spaceship .
the sister wanted to go see the aliens .
but the brother told her not to because they could do something bad .
he made her duck behind the bush .
then she just ran right out and said hi .
the aliens didn't understand what they were talking about .
they had a weird dog .
the aliens had a mom and dad .
and they had a child .
and on the <> spaceship there was a guide to tell them where to go .
the aliens thought that it was a wonderful park .
the brother and sister wanted to run back and tell their mom and dad that they had found aliens .
when they heard that they didn't believe them .
and when they came back they couldn't find them again .
so the brother and sister just decided to forget about the aliens and go home .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they were <> getting something to eat .
they can't get their food because their mom left the money on the counter at their house .
so they hadta go home and get the money .
that's all I remember .
once there was a boy that got up from bed .
he went to fix his breakfast .
and then he saw he was late .
so he got dressed real fast .
and he broke his shoelace .
he was trying get up before the bus left .
but the bus left without him .
he finally gotta school .
and he was very late .
and the teacher told him that .
he finally gotta school .
and the principal said if he bes [: is] [* m:=es] late one more time he'll hafta be <> in detention .
once there were two kids that saw a u_f_o in the sky .
and then they followed it .
they saw a family of aliens that wanted to go on a picnic .
they were going to say hi to the aliens .
but they thought that they were going suck their brains out .
they saw a little girl alien that had a dog that wouldn't stop looking in the trees where they were .
the boy said that <> they shouldn't go over there because he thought they were going to suck <> their brains out .
but the girl said I don't think so .
and the girl went up to them and said hi .
and the aliens were chasing them away .
so they ran home told their father father the story .
but the father didn't believe .
so he said I think you need some rest .
so <> he told the kids to <> go to bed .
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said where do you wanna go ?
we're gonna go out to dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so Lisa and Raymond ran to the car and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
when they gotta Mcdonalds <> Raymond ordered a hamburger fries and a large chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa decided to order a happy meal and a chocolate cone .
the clerk told them that it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then her mom realized that she had forgot her purse at home .
Adam woke up .
and he figured out that he had slept too late .
and so he rushed downstairs to try to make his breakfast .
and then he got +...
it it made a huge mess .
and he knew he was running out of time .
and then he put his shoes on .
and he he was tying his shoes .
and his lace broke off .
then he finally got out to get to school .
and he went to the busstop .
and the bus had just left .
so he started running towards the bus .
he tried to catch it .
but it wouldn't stop .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he he was sad .
and the teacher was mad at him for being late .
one day Robert and Melissa wanted to go on an adventure .
but they didn't know where .
so they just started walking .
and they saw a park .
and they knew on the news that weird things were going on around the park .
and they wanted to try to figure it out .
so they went to the park .
and they went behind bushes .
and Melissa wanted www to figure out what was going on .
but Robert didn't .
so she grabbed Robert's hand .
and they started walking towards the aliens .
and soon they figured out that they were aliens .
and they were all scared .
but Melissa didn't wanna go home .
so she asked them what their names were .
and they were Sally Susan Kristin and Roberto .
and so they brought their parents to the park .
and they introduced them to them .
and it was a secret for their family and only their family .
