Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
they started driving to Mcdonalds .
and the mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa wasn't sure if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
when they ordered Lisa made up her mind that she wanted a kidsmeal a coke and a chocolate sundae .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a Big_Mac .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mom reached for the purse it wasn't there .
she had left it home on the kitchen counter .
what do you think she should do ?
one morning he woke up .
and he saw the time .
it was really late .
and he was late for school .
he ran to the kitchen table to pour some milk and have cereal .
he spilt all over the place while looking at the clock .
when he went to put his shoes on his shoelace broke .
then he started running to school .
he thought he was gonna be extremely late .
when he gotta the busstop the schoolbus had already started to leave .
he ran after it screaming come back come back .
when he stopped looking at the school bus leave he just decided to walk the rest of the way to school .
it was a long walk .
when he gotta school the teacher taped her watch and said you're very late .
he was disappointed that day and had a bad day the rest of the day .
one time a brother and sister were going to the park .
they loved to play hide-and-go-seek in the park .
when they were playing hide-and-go-seek the sister was behind a bush .
the brother came and saw her .
she was just starting to walk out to see something .
the brother didn't know what it is .
but when he came out he saw aliens coming out of a spaceship .
the sister wanted to go see the aliens .
but the brother told her not to because they could do something bad .
he made her duck behind the bush .
then she just ran right out and said hi .
the aliens didn't understand what they were talking about .
they had a weird dog .
the aliens had a mom and dad .
and they had a child .
and on the spaceship there was a guide to tell them where to go .
the aliens thought that it was a wonderful park .
the brother and sister wanted to run back and tell their mom and dad that they had found aliens .
when they heard that they didn't believe them .
and when they came back they couldn't find them again .
so the brother and sister just decided to forget about the aliens and go home .