the kids came from school .
and when they came inside their mom said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the kids got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and while they were waiting to order the girl didn't know if she wanted to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but their mom and the brother already knew what they wanted to get .
when they got in line the sister finally decided what she wanted .
the brother ordered a chocolate shake a happy meal and a diet Coke .
their mom ordered a salad .
and the sister ordered a diet Coke a chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and they told the clerk what they wanted .
and then the clerk said that they would hafta pay twelve ninety nine .
and their mom looked for her purse and and remembered that she had left it on the kitchen table .
one day mike was was sleeping in bed .
at seven thirty he woke up and looked at his clock .
uhoh he thought .
he was late .
he went downstairs and poured his milk for his cereal and made a big mess because he was looking at the clock .
after he ate he went to his room and got dressed .
then he went downstairs and started tying his shoes .
but one of the laces broke .
:@c he thought .
finally he got his shoes tied and and packed his bookbag and went and ran to the busstop .
but the bus was already leaving .
oh no he thought .
so instead of riding the bus he started running to school .
so he wouldn't be late .
when he got there his teacher was standing outside the door and said that he was late .
okay .
one day David and Samantha were out in the park and and were searching and looking around to see if they could find any squirrels when an alien spacecraft landed in the park .
the hatch opened .
and three aliens came out with an alienlike pet .
Samantha wanted to go say hi to them .
but David David said they shouldn't .
Samantha pulled David out .
and Samantha said hi to them waved to them .
the aliens all all screamed and ran back into the space shuttle .
they they ran to the the person that read them here and told them the blast back off to go back to mars .
Michelle tried to grab on to the spaceship and take a piece of it off so so that she would have proof that really happened .
David tried to pull her back down so when the spaceship blasted off she wouldn't be carried with it .
David pulled her down .
and she fell on to the grass .
and the spaceship blasted off .
David and Samantha didn't believe what they had seen but went home and told their parents what had happened and lead them back to the place where they had seen it .
there were pieces of ash in the grass where the spaceship had been .
nobody knew it had been true .
the end .