okay .
first after school +...
and the boy's and girl's mother asked where they wanted to go eat .
and the boy and girl yelled Mcdonalds .
then they went there .
and then they ordered a Big_Kids_Meal a coke and a a icecream cone .
and they ordered chocolates .
the mother ordered salad .
and then their mother forgot +...
I mean the salad ordered a big +...
and the the salad cost twelve dollars and fifty fifty cents .
then their mother forgot their money on the kitchen table at home .
I can't still remember what the boy boy's name and the girl's name .
oh and now I remember .
even they ordered a a icecream cone now .
I thought they ordered strawberry because strawberry's very good .
they should have bought strawberry instead of chocolate .
I know that chocolate is their favorite .
but I thought they were going to get cherry or strawberry .
okay they +...
first it was time to wake up .
he got some breakfast .
he he got dressed up .
he couldn't tie his shoes all because of his shoelace .
it pssst@c broke off .
and then the school bus took off and left him .
is this a school ?
I think this is his school .
and that's his school teacher I think .
maybe that's not the right school he's at .
okay .
first those +/.
are these octopuses ?
an octopus dog .
I don't know .
oh these are .
these are fat .
oh and even that one .
I thought this was a boy .
and then first they &*INV:talk_loud they they had a rocketship house .
and then their parents went went to something .
I don't know .
and then these two people were were hiding in the grass .
they found five fat octopuses .
one was in the rocketship .
and three were out .
and then the girl was smiling .
and the boy was was feeling badly because they were +...
then I think he told them don't go there .
they're octopuses .
and they're all big and fat even that fat xxx dog .
and then maybe they went to go outside and eat lunch or go to the woods or something like that .
but then these guys almost went to go see them .
and then so he yelled stop .
don't go there .
they have a fat dog .
they can bite you .
and then this one said come on let's go in the rocket ship and see what they got .
and then he said oh all right .
huh ?
then +...
and then this girl was holding the leash of the dog so he won't run away .
then I think he was all packed up to go here to eat .
then they lived in 0a rocketship .
and I think the rocketship went up .
and then I see the smoke .
and they flew away .
they +...
and then when these guys were sneaking up to get in here to see what they got they didn't know what door to open .
let's try to cut it .
oh we don't have any knife .
we can use our fingers .
so they went in there whenever they were sleeping here whenever they were full .
and then they went very quietly into the rocketship .
and they saw it was a very spooky octopus .
so they yelled ahhh@c let's get out of here .
and they broke the rocketship .
and it all fell down in pieces .
that's the end .