one day there were two children named Lisa and Eric .
Eric .
and their mom said we're going out tonight for dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds they both yelled .
so they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa's mom asked what do you wanna eat ?
Lisa didn't know .
she either wanted a hamburger or a cheeseburger .
and when they gotta the counter Eric decided he wanted a cheeseburger and french fries a vanilla shake .
and when it was Lisa's turn she finally made up her mind .
she decided to have a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
then when she ordered that the counter person said that would be twelve thirty three .
so the mom reached into her purse .
but she noticed that she had left the the money back at the counter at home .
done .
one day a boy named Tom got out of bed .
his head really hurt .
and he was late for school .
so he got downstairs without dressing .
and he poured some milk for his cereal .
but it overflowed when he was looking at the time and not at his cereal bowl bowl .
later on he got ready for school .
he broke his shoelace .
so it took a longer time time for him to get to the bus .
and it took a long time to get to the bus an hour .
and the bus driver couldn't wait any long .
so it just drove out without him .
so Tom hadta walk to school .
and he was very late .
mhm .
one day a girl named Lisa and a boy named Matthew are walking towards the woods .
when they got there a ship was there .
and and octopus like aliens came out .
Lisa went right out to greet them .
Matthew stopped her .
he said no no they'll probably explode you with evil guns .
and then then Michelle said no way .
then Matthew convinced her to go back .
so they did .
and and when the next day they came but not Matthew Lisa went over to greet them because they were still there .
and they were so nice .
and when they went home Matthew Matthew went went with her back to the forest to to see them .
and he thought they were nice too .
the end .