Molly couldn't make up her mind with what she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and the boy couldn't decide where he wanted to go ?
and that the mom left her purse at home .
and when they were getting ready to go out they decided what they wanted .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and Lisa got a kidsmeal with a coke and fries but not not a coke a icecream cone or chocolate with a chocolate .
and the boy ordered a Big_Mac with fries and a milkshake .
the mom ordered a salad .
and the price was two dollars and five cents .
and that's all I know .
can I make up a name ?
okay .
nick was in bed .
and his alarm clock went off too late .
so he rushed downstairs .
and he overflowed the milk from his bowl .
and when he was done with his cereal he went to go get his clothes on .
and when he was tying his shoes the string broke .
by the time he was out and ready the schoolbus had left his house .
and when he gotta school the principal was very mad at him because he was late .
Nicky and and his sister were riding on a trail .
and they saw a spaceship .
and they saw aliens coming out of it .
so his sister starting running to the aliens .
and Nicky tried stopping her .
but she couldn't stop .
so she kept running .
and the aliens started waving at her .
and his sister thought the spaceship was going to Lisa who was going to get on it .
and Nicky was going to hafta run home and tell his dad and mom that Melissa went on a spaceship that had aliens on it .
and so his dad and mom started running back to that spot .
and they didn't see the aliens or the spaceship .
so his parents said you must be full of it .
and then Nicky tried to tell them no I'm not .
and then the spaceship came back and Nicky Melissa was was and the alien like them .
but Nicky didn't know that .
so he ran home and got his parents .
and his parents came .
and they saw the aliens .
and his parents said okay tell me which one of them is Melissa .
and and Nicky said I don't know which one is Melissa .
all I know is that she went on a spaceship and went up to the sky .
and his parents said ooh let's just go home and have dinner .
so they left Melissa with the aliens .