the kids got back from school .
then the mom came back from work .
then her mom said they were going out for supper tonight .
and then she said where do you wanna go ?
and then they said Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and then their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
then they gotta Mcdonalds .
they ordered +...
they went to the counter .
sister didn't know what she's gonna have .
and then the mom and the son knew what they were having .
and the son had chocolate shake and a cheeseburger with fries .
and the mom had a cheeseburger and fries .
then the daughter made up her mind .
and she wanted chocolate icecream cone with a cheeseburger and fries .
and then the girl's like it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother looked for her purse .
and she didn't know where it was .
and it was at home on the kitchen counter .
the end .
he woke up stood by the clock .
he ate his breakfast .
he had cereal .
he made a mess .
and then he got dressed dressed .
and then he put his shoes on .
he broke his shoetie .
and then he had another shoe .
and he broke that one .
and then he went outside .
and he missed the bus .
and then he ran all the way to school .
and he ran up the stairs at his school .
and the teacher was there .
and she said you're late .
you missed the bus .
you probably didn't mean to xxx xxx .
and he went in the school .
and everybody was done .
and he hadta do the longest longest class ever .
the end .
they went to a park .
there was a spaceship .
there's a girl that went to the park and a boy .
she wasn't afraid .
she didn't see the aliens .
then the aliens came out .
and she was running too fast that she couldn't see them .
and he saw the whole alien family come out .
there was a mom a daughter a sister a brother a dad and a dog .
and then when they got there she was afraid of the aliens because she saw them there .
and they made it back to the house .
they told her parents .
and then he went back had a camera took a picture and brought it back to her parents .
then they got proof .
the end .