in the beginning the mom asked if they would like to go out to dinner .
and they said sure .
and she asked where would you like to go ?
Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa or Sarah didn't know she wanted .
but the mother and the boy knew what they wanted .
the boy wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
the mom wanted a salad .
and then the girl finally made up her mind .
she said I would like a happy meal with fries and then a chocolate icecream .
and then the guy who worked at Mcdonalds said that will be twelve fifty or seventy five .
and then the mother reached for her purse .
it was not there .
that's it .
okay .
so you mean I can make up my own story ?
one day Caleb was getting out of bed bed .
and he forgot how to turn off his alarm .
and it kept going off .
and then when he came breakfast time when he poured his milk it spilled all over the table .
and when he was getting dressed and tying his shoes his shoelace broke broke .
and then he missed the bus .
and then at the end the teacher was pretty upset that Caleb missed school because he's not all the time to school on time .
once upon a time a late September afternoon these two kids were taking a walk to a park .
and they saw xxx spaceship land .
and they saw two aliens .
one was a little girl with a dog .
and one was a mother .
and the second thing they saw come out was the father with all their luggage .
and in the ship waving goodbye was the captain of the spaceship .
and they walked off of the ship and were just standing there .
and the dog was looking at the background where the little girl was looking at the dog .
and the mom was out looking at the trees .
and the dad was looking in front of him .
and the girl said lets go and say hello to them .
but the man said no .
but the girl took his hand hand and went to grabbed it .
and they went to say hi .
and they shook hands .
and then they went into the forest .
and the girl and man said do you have a place to live .
and they said no .
and then they said oh we know where a cave is in the woods .
and so the girl and the man took them to it .
and they said goodbye .
and they never saw them again .