on tuesday Lucy and Raymond walked in their house .
and their mother told them they were going out to eat .
and where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Lucy couldn't figure out what whether she was going to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and her mother already knew what they were going to get .
when it was time for them to order Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother ordered a chef salad .
finally Lisa knew what she wanted .
she was going to have a happy meal with fries and a coke .
the clerk told them that it all ordered up to twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mother reached to get her purse .
and then she realized it wasn't there .
she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
what should they do ?
one day Sam's alarm clock rang at four o'clock in the morning .
he couldn't believe it .
finally he got back to sleep .
but by then it was already time to get up .
so he stumbled out of bed and went downstairs to eat some breakfast .
he got the cereal out and the milk and the the spoon and bowl everything .
and he poured his cereal .
but he didn't really pour milk that well .
but he thought he'd try anyways .
but when he poured it the bowl overflowed and make a big mess .
and he took about an hour to clean it up .
then he went to go get dressed and put his shoes on .
when he was brushing his teeth and getting dressed and combing his hair finally put his shoes on and tied one .
and when he went to tie the other his shoestring broke .
and so he hadta just loop the other one around and tie it into a big knot .
he was late for the schoolbus .
and when he gotta school he hadta get a tardy and have his mom call because he was late .
one day an alien family was up in some unknown planet .
and they were getting quite bored there .
they had no friends no place to go .
and they were all pretty lonely .
they were sometimes a bit tired of just each other and their dog .
they had many nice things and decided to build a spaceship .
they had already learned all the things that humans knew already .
but they had no idea what humans were .
after they had their spaceship built they painted some unknown language on it and decided to go see what there was to see .
one day they saw a planet that had some blue stuff and some green stuff and some white stuff .
they decided to go see what it was .
it was around that same time a man and a woman were taking a walk .
they were going to have a picnic on the picnic bench in the park .
the girl's name was Lucy .
and the boy's name was Fred .
Fred and Lucy saw the spaceship land .
and after the aliens walked out Fred wanted to go back .
but Lucy wanted to go check it out .
the aliens had already seen them and were walking over .
at that time Lucy and Fred both ran all the way back to town .
they ran straight into the closest place the bakery and told their story .
nobody believed them but said that maybe they should have a couple sweets since they might need a little sugar for the next couple of hours while everybody keeps saying no we believe your story .
the end .