their mother asked where do yall wanna go to eat ?
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
so the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to order .
but Raymond +...
but she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond knew what he wanted to order .
he ordered a happy meal and a vanilla milkshake .
and then Lisa remembered what wait +...
the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa figured out she wanted to get a happy meal and fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mother realized that she forgot her purse at home .
and it it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents I think .
The_Bad_Day .
Max woke up one day and saw that he was late for school .
when it was eight o'clock he went to go get his breakfast .
but everything went wrong .
he spilled the flour .
the milk went all over his chair .
and they were out of cereal .
when he finally got outside his shoelace broke .
and he got really mad .
then he saw that the bus was leaving .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
then the teacher +...
then when he got there the teacher said said why are you late ?
why are you late ?
and Max told about his bad day .
the teacher said well I'm sorry .
but your homework it's gonna count twenty points off .
and then Max fell asleep in school .
and then when he went home he told his mother about his day .
and his mother got really mad .
it's called Planet_Weird .
on this planet there are humans .
and there are different kinds of animals and weird things .
one day the only two human children went to go look into a spaceship that had landed .
they had different things like aliens .
Planet_Weird didn't have that .
so they went up and saw aliens coming out .
the boy ran for his life because he was a scaredy-cat .
his name was chucky .
the girl said let's go see .
her name was Megan .
they went up .
and they saw a dog .
a weird dog .
it had a weird nose .
it had weird ears .
they didn't know what to call it .
but they were scared of it .
then when the aliens walked out of the spaceship they they went into it to see what it was like .
and then they saw all these gadgets and stuff like that .
when they went in wait +...
after they figured out what everything meant they pushed the button that meant blastoff .
they didn't know how to work the rest of it .
they only know what the buttons meant .
they didn't know how to work the controls or anything .
after that they they figured out the button to stop it .
when they came back down to the planet they went and told their parents that they had found a spaceship .
their parents didn't believe them .
but they did ground them for telling a lie or what they thought was a lie .