there were these two kids Lisa and Tommy &*INV:okay and then his mom .
the mom asked the kids where they wanted to go out to eat today .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped up and jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they walked in .
Lisa didn't know if she could pick a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then Tommy ordered .
and he said a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
and his mom said that she wanted a salad .
then Lisa decided that she wanted a happy meal with fries and a chocolate icecream .
but then when when she turned around to get her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
I can't think of his name .
the boy was +/.
okay .
Kyle was sleeping in his bed .
and last night he forgot to put on his alarm clock .
so then he woke up .
and he saw the clock .
and it was already seven forty .
so he got up .
and he went to the kitchen and poured the milk .
and then he spilled it because he was looking at the clock the whole time .
then he was tying his shoe to +...
and then he he broke his shoelace .
and then when Kyle went outside he hurried up .
he got his backpack .
and then the school bus left .
he tried to catch it .
but then he was late .
then Kyle hadta walk to school .
and his teacher Miss_williams was pointing at her watch .
and then Kyle knew that he was really late .
and it was already eight thirty .
so then he went inside his classroom .
and then Miss_williams hadta call his mom to tell him that she was late .
there were these two kids Sarah and Michael .
on monday morning there was a circus at their school in the park .
so then they got up .
and they went to get dressed .
then Sarah really wanted to go see the circus .
so then he ran over there .
she went .
and while they were going they saw this u_f_o in the middle of the park .
and Sarah was excited .
and so she wanted to go say hi to the little girl and the dog .
but Michael said no they're aliens .
don't go over there .
you may get hurt .
and then Sarah didn't believe him because he thought that he just doesn't want Sarah to get friends .
so then Sarah went .
and he asked the alien girl what was her name .
and then she said my name is Michelle .
and then so Sarah went up there and said hi my name is Sarah .
do you wanna be my friend ?
and then Michelle said yes .
and she introduced her to her dog named Pluto .
so then she pet Pluto .
and then Pluto Pluto licked her face .
her mom asked Sarah if she wanted to go to the circus with them .
so she told her husband john that we're gonna go to the circus .
while john was making the tent and everything Michael went up and said Sarah it's time to go now .
so then the mom said that she'll take Sarah home .
and then Michael said no it's okay .
I'll take her home .
so then the mom said okay .
so then Sarah and Michelle said bye to each other and then to say bye to Pluto .
so then they went home .
and then they saw each other at school .