yesterday we came home from school .
and our mother asked we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you like to eat ?
both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Alice couldn't make up her mind what she wanted .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Roberto and and his mom both know what they wanted .
so when he gotta the counter he told the clerk one cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mother told them a salad .
finally Allison figured out what she wanted .
she told the clerk a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
the clerk said twelve fifty please .
when the mother went to look in her purse she realized that she didn't have the money .
she realized that that she had left it on the kitchen counter .
one morning I got up .
then I got up .
and I went in the kitchen and poured some cereal in a bowl and poured my milk .
but my milk had poured all over the place .
then after I ate my breakfast I went into my bedroom got dressed .
and I was tying my shoes .
and one of my shoelaces came off .
then by the time I got ready I had missed my school bus .
so I had walked a long long time to school .
and I had walked a really really long time to school .
finally I gotta school .
my teacher met me outside the door .
she said you're late .
I think you needta go to the office and get a tardy slip .
so I went into the office got a tardy slip .
and after that my day was worse than it was this morning .
one day (8.) a boy and a girl went walking walking to the park .
then all of a sudden they saw this picnic .
then they were gonna sit on the ground .
but then all of a sudden they saw this picnic table .
they were running over there .
and then all of a sudden they stopped .
and they looked up to the sky .
and they saw this thing floating in the air .
they hid behind the bushes .
the girl said lets go check them out .
lets go check this thing out when it landed .
then the boy kept holding her back and saying no no lets stay here lets stay here .
but the girl kept forcing him to come on .
then all of a sudden the spaceship door opened .
and out came three aliens and an alien dog .
he said whoa look at that .
I think we should stay here .
and she kept on saying no no no no .
so finally the boy gave up and went with her .
then they met the family .
and they didn't think that they could speak english .
but they did .
and the boy and the girl asked why did you come to earth ?
they said where do you live ?
and they told them that they lived on mars .
then they said why did you come here ?
why did you come to earth ?
and they said for a vacation .
the boy and the girl said at the same time well where are you gonna stay ?
they said we're gonna stay here in this beautiful hotel .
and the boy and the girl said this isn't a hotel .
this is a park .
they said a park ?
what the heck is a park ?
they said a park is where kids go have fun run off and just be kids .
they're all oh okay .
so the little alien girl said mom can I go run around have some time like they said at the park ?
the mom and dad said no .
and the little alien girl said why not .
the parents said because we wanna explore it .
and we want you to be here when we see new things and exciting things .
the little alien girl said okay .
they walked off in the park .
and the spaceship left .
they found a place underneath a tree behind the bushes where they were at the first time .
then that's where they were gonna stay .
the little boy and the little girl stayed there until the aliens got settled .
then after that everyday that the aliens were there the boy and the girl went back to play with the little girl and the alien dog .