well Raymond and Lisa came home on a tuesday afternoon from school .
and their mother asked where would you like to go to eat for dinner ?
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
she said okay .
and they got in the car and they went .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but Raymond and the mother knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond's mother ordered a salad .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake and a double cheeseburger .
and then Lisa finally decided that she wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the store clerk rung up the whole price .
and it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother figured out that she'd left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
one day jimmy woke up .
his alarm clock went off late .
and he looked at it and it was eight o'clock and he needed to be at school by eight ten .
and so he wanted to hurry .
and he wanted to get to school really really fast because he didn't wanna be late because then he'd get a tardy slip .
and then his mom might be mad at him .
and to top that all off it might go on his report card .
then he went downstairs .
and he knew he hadta have breakfast because he had a really big test coming up .
and that was today .
and he barely even study for it .
so he thought that a breakfast might help him .
but he tried pouring the milk .
and the milk spilled all over the table and all over the floor .
and then he looked at the clock .
and already it was eight twenty .
so he was already sposta be at school .
so now he is hurrying even faster .
and so he just decides that he can't even deal with the breakfast or clean up the mess right now .
so then he hurried to get dressed .
and after he put his red shirt on with the orange stripe and his jeans on and his shoes with darkish purple and the white stripes his shoelace broke right when he was trying to tie them .
and so then now he's just having a really bad morning because he's late .
he didn't have breakfast at all .
and his shoelace broke .
and so it's too small to tie to anything .
so he just decides that he hasta tuck the little shoelace that's broke into the shoe .
so then he gets his backpack and everything ready .
and there goes the schoolbus .
so he's late .
and so he's running after the schoolbus .
and it's five blocks to school .
he can run but he'll be even later after that .
so the school bus is just speeding .
and he can't catch it fast enough because obviously it's a schoolbus .
and so he just is gonna hafta walk the five blocks .
when finally gets to school the teacher tells him that he's way too late and gives him a tardy slip anyway .
so this was just a really bad morning for him .
once upon a time and during the summer may to be exact there was a family .
there was a girl and her brother .
the brother's name was jimmy .
and the girl's name was Katie .
and one day Katie went to the park with her brother .
and they were playing ball when they found out that a family of aliens had came down to earth .
jimmy was terrified .
and Katie was very psyched .
she loved weird stuff .
and she was just saying come on it won't hurt .
let's just go .
but jimmy was saying no I think it's a bad idea .
what if they're harmful .
and so Daniel just went back home because he thought it was just a really bad idea .
but Katie went up to the aliens and said where do you really live ?
and they said mars .
and then Katie said well can you prove it ?
and then the aliens said sure !
so they went back to mars .
and they got a piece of the planet .
and they came back .
and they showed it to her .
and then she believed them .
but then the aliens said now it's your turn .
and they they came up to Katie and and took her prisoner on the ship .
and then they all went back to mars .
and Katie was a alien too .