on tuesday &*INV:mhm when the kids got home from school her mother just really wanted to go to lunch .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so then when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to get .
but Raymond and his mom did .
and then Raymond ordered a vanilla shake and some french_fries .
I don't know what her mom ordered .
but Lisa got some chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and then when the clerk told them it would cost twelve dollars and something cents she realized that she didn't have her purse .
and she remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
Joe slept in late one day .
and then when he finally woke up he looked at the clock and decided he was gonna be late for school .
and then he hurried up .
he tried to make breakfast .
then he poured the milk .
and it spilled all over .
and that made him even later .
then when he was changing and he put on his shoes one of his shoelaces snapped .
and he just wasn't having a very good day .
and when he finally got outside he missed the bus .
and he hadta run all the way to school .
and when he finally got there it looks like his teacher is pointing at her watch and saying that he's late .
Vicky and Ryan were on a picnic with their class because they did such a good job on their essay tests .
and they got lost .
and they were trying to find their way back when they heard a strange beeping noise .
and then they looked to see what it was .
but they couldn't find it .
so they looked a little longer .
and finally they saw this really weird faked disc sort_of thing .
and they were gonna start recording it .
but then something like a drawbridge started coming down and opening .
so they hid behind the bushes and watched .
and then they saw that there's just a parent and their child .
and the dog came out .
but they weren't real ones .
they had like ten legs .
and and they didn't have any hair .
they had all these dots on their heads .
and so when they went out they looked pretty nice .
but they weren't sure .
Vicky thought she was gonna say hi .
but Ryan still thought it was +...
he didn't wanna do it .
but when Vicky just jumped out they happened to be really friendly .
and they talked to them .
and then she decided that she didn't want any of the other humans to find out about this race .
so they played for a little bit .
but then told them they hadta get back to their picnic before they were found out missing .
and then the aliens were sad at first .
but then they realized that no one could stay forever .
so they left in their ship .
and Vicky and Ryan went back to their trip .