on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mother came home from work and asked Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to go get something to eat at Mcdonalds .
and they shouted hurray and got in the car .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted yet .
but Raymond said that he wanted a cheeseburger and a milkshake .
and Raymond's mother said that she wanted a salad .
and then Lisa remembered what she wanted .
and she said that she wanted a happy meal with a vanilla icecream cone .
and then after that Lisa and Raymond's mother figured out that she didn't have the money that she left it on the counter at home .
so yeah &=laughs .
one morning Jacob woke up .
and he figured out that he he was late for school .
so he hurried up and went down to the kitchen to make himself breakfast as quick as he can to not be late for school .
and while he was doing that he spilled his milk .
he spilled his cereal .
he wasn't doing very good because he was in a rush .
and then after that when he was tying his shoe he broke his shoelace because +...
so he was having a bad day he thought .
and then after that because he was so late when he was going out to the bus he missed his bus .
so he had his mom bring him to school .
and then when he gotta school his principal told him that he was late for school .
so he got tardy slip .
and then so he just xxx .
yeah .
one day Mary and john were going home from school .
on their way they passed the park .
and they saw aliens in a alien spaceship .
but they weren't sure what to do because they're afraid of the aliens .
so Mary wanted to go say hi to them .
but john said no because they might take her and abduct her .
so so Mary and john went home to tell their mom and dad .
but they didn't believe them .
so when they came back they noticed that there wasn't the alien spaceship .
and after after that they just went home .
and during the night Mary and john seen the alien spaceship flying away .
and they weren't sure what it was if they were real aliens or fake .
yeah .