Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't decide between a happy meal and a hamburger .
and then Raymond got a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
and his mom got a salad .
and then Lisa decided to get a happy meal and fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it was all twelve fifty .
then their mom realized that she left her purse at home .
one day dale got up .
and he looked at his alarm clock .
and it was already thirty minutes past the time he hadta get up .
and so he ran to his +...
he ran to the breakfast table .
and he was looking at the clock while pouring the milk .
and he poured too much milk .
and it spilled out of the bowl .
and then he went and got dressed real quickly .
and then he tried putting his shoes on .
and then his shoelace snapped .
and then he got his bookbag and went outside .
and then right as he went outside the bus drove away .
so he hadta run to school .
and then his teacher said that he was late .
and he got in trouble .
he had a really bad day .
one day two children were coming home from school .
they decided to walk in the park and play baseball .
when they got there they saw a big yellow disk saucer thing .
on the thing there was some strange markings .
they were trying to read it from behind a bush .
and then a door opened on the saucer .
a little alien and then two bigger aliens came out .
and they were carrying a smaller alien on a leash .
the girl wanted to go out and see them .
but the boy didn't want want her to .
he said that the aliens may have laser guns .
so she didn't listen to him .
and then she ran ahead and looked at the aliens .
they they took out their little laser guns .
and then she ran away as fast as she could .
and then the boy went to see what happened .
and then he was blasted .
and then she went home and tried to tell her dad what happened .
and when he came they were gone .
and there wasn't any markings of them left to prove that they were there .
the end .