it was on a tuesday .
and Lisa and Raymond were home from school .
and their mother came home and told them that they were going to Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa wasn't sure what to order .
and Raymond and their mother had both made up their mind .
when it was time to order the clerk asked Raymond what he wanted .
and he said he wanted a cheeseburger and french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and her mother ordered a salad .
Lisa had made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal with french_fries coke and an chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it was twelve fifty .
when Lisa's mother reached for her purse it was gone .
the end .
once there was a boy named David .
and it was a wednesday morning .
and he woke up .
and he noticed that he was going to be late for school .
then he went to pour his milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
at this point he was very disappointed .
then he went to tie his shoes .
and it broke .
he was furious !
he walked out the door and noticed that his bus had already left .
and so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school his teacher was very furious .
the end .
there once lived two two children .
the boy's name was Randy .
and the girl's name was Maria .
one day they were walking in the park .
and they saw this really weird shaped thing from the sky coming down .
Randy said what is that ?
and Maria said I don't know .
let's get closer !
Randy said no that's a bad idea .
and then when it landed four aliens came out .
three of the aliens were octopus looking thingies .
and their name's were jack violet and spot .
the fourth alien looked kind of like a dog .
his name was Feefee .
violet said look at this place .
it's absolutely beautiful .
when Maria saw that she was amazed .
and Maria and Randy ran home to tell their parents .
their parents said that's bogus .
and they said we can prove it .
when they went back the ship was still there .
but nothing was around it .
the aliens had disappeared .
the end .