on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to go out and eat .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
but Raymond and his mom knew .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a coke and a large vanilla shake .
his mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a vanilla icecream .
when the clerk told them that it was gonna cost twelve fifty Lisa's mom realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
one morning bob got up and realized that he was late and that he slept in .
when he went to go get some breakfast he spilled the milk .
and and that made him even more later .
when he was getting dressed and when he was tying his shoes shoelace broke .
and he began to get more and more mad .
and he was beginning to get frustrated .
so when he went outside to catch the school bus he found that the school bus had already left and was driving away .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
when he gotta school the principal was standing right by the door and told him what time it was .
he told her why he was late .
and the teacher and the principal thought it was okay .
one day while bill and Marge were playing on the junglegym they heard a very loud bang .
it almost sounded like something had crashed .
when they went over to explore they saw the alien spaceship had landed .
they were looking at it for a couple of minutes when all of a sudden the door dropped open and out came a family of aliens .
the aliens were obviously on vacation because they had bags and luggage in their hand .
Marge was eager to go and talk to them .
but bill was kind of scared of them .
when they finally agreed to go go over and talk to them they found that they were fairly friendly .
and they were pretty much like themselves .
they became friends and asked them where they lived how they came here and why they came here .
when they hadta leave they were very disappointed that they lost a couple of friends .
the aliens also were disappointed that they lost some earth friends .
they hope to see each other one day again .
but the aliens don't know if it's safe to come back .