the mom got home .
and she told the kids that they were going out to dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then when they gotta Mcdonalds Jane couldn't decide on what she wanted xxx the Big_Mac or the happy meal .
and and I forgot the rest .
and the mom knew what they wanted .
so when they gotta the counter the brother he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then Jane finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a cheeseburger with a chocolate cone I think um .
and when the xxx xxx say it was twelve dollars and something cents .
when the mom reached down to get her pocketbook she just remembered that it was on the kitchen counter at home .
Tom woke up in the morning and looked at the clock to see what time it was .
and then Tom went into the kitchen .
and he poured some cereal in the bowl .
and then he poured the milk all over the table and all over the floor .
and then he got dressed .
and when he was about to tie his shoes the shoestring tore .
and he got mad .
and then when he was walking out of the house door the school bus had passed the house .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then when he gotta school the teacher were right there and told him what time it was .
and he hadta hurry up and get to class before he get tardy .
I'll call this the the aliens .
one day when john and Jill Jill were walking to the picnic in the park they saw a big huge space shuttle with weird words on it .
and then when they looked again they saw it opening .
and when it opened alien people came out of it with an alien dog and a little girl a mom a dad and another girl about to come out of it .
Jill wanted to go over there .
and she thought it was just some people dressed in a costume .
and john he hurry up .
john didn't wanna go over there .
and Jill grabbed him and xxx xxx hand .
and Jill was pulling him and almost about to grab her .
and when Jill grabbed john the aliens heard john and Jill .
and they they say hi .
and the aliens say hi in a crazy voice .
and then the aliens asked them if there was a house for rent anywhere .
and they said no .
and so the aliens they slept in the woods over night and xxx .
then when they slept at night Jill and john went to where they were sleeping at .
and they looked in their xxx .
they found out that they were real people and that they had on costumes to trick people .