okay .
when they came home from school her mother said we're going out tonight .
and so she asked where do you wanna go ?
and they all screamed Mcdonalds .
and so her mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she want .
she either couldn't decide the Big_Mac or happy meal .
Raymond and the mom knew what they wanted .
and when they gotta the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa she ordered a happy meal with a coke and chocolate icecream .
and the cash register guy or girl asked that would be twelve dollars ninety five cents .
and she went to go to get her purse .
she just remembered she left it on the kitchen table .
and is that it ?
okay .
he woke up and had a very bad day .
should I say a title for it ?
okay .
The_Bad_Day .
he he woke up late .
and then he got very confused and just poured milk everywhere .
he he snapped his shoelaces when he was tying .
he missed the bus .
and when he came he got there just in time because he can run really fast .
okay .
one day when +...
can I make up names or anything ?
Robert called Emily over for a playdate .
and they wanted to go for a picnic .
so they went for a picnic .
and then they heard this really weird sounding thing .
and they went to go check .
and they saw aliens .
and Robert he said I think we should go back .
and when he started to run .
but Emily grabbed him just in time and said no let's go explore .
maybe we can be friends .
and then Robert thought this was a bad idea .
but it turned out that they were just landing and xxx .
and they were moving here .
and so Robert he got really frightened and thought that they were kill them and bring them back .
so he ran away .
and then he waited a while .
and and when he came back he saw Emily talking with the aliens .
she was laughing .
so were the aliens too .
she didn't make up a name for the dog .
well if it is a dog .
and and they made up a name .
it was called fluffy because he has a lot of fluff on him .
and so they they made friends .
and then Robert started to cry when they hadta leave .
and because in their time moving there is two hours .
and earth place when they say moving they mean stay permanent .
and so he got really mad and sad .
and so they go back .
and they try to tell their parents .
just that they don't believe them .
and then like the next next year on the same day they see them again .
and they're really happy .
and this time they stay for permanent .
and they mean permanent .
and so they just stay and have picnic .
and they asked .
they had nowhere to live because they had no real money .
so they go and live in Emily's house because she's the one that enjoys having them there .
and then they live happily ever after .