Lisa and her brother came home from school .
and their mom told them that they were gonna eat out .
then their mom asked where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they went in Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to eat a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but her brother and her mom both knew what they were gonna get .
her brother ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and fries .
and her mom ordered a hamburger .
then Lisa finally decided she wanted a happy meal .
so Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
the total was twelve dollars and ninety five cents .
and then when her mom went to get the money she realized that she had left her purse home on the kitchen counter .
one morning Jiminey woke up .
and he thought that oh it's a saturday .
so I'm gonna sleep in .
so he slept in .
and then he thought oh no !
then his alarm clock went off .
he thought oh no !
I forgot .
it's a monday .
so he hadta wake up and hurry to get his breakfast .
and when he went into the kitchen all the cereal was gone .
and he only had milk .
and he spilt it all over the table .
so then he hadta clean it up real fast because he was already late for school .
then after he cleaned it up Jiminey was trying to hurry and pull his shoelaces tight .
and then his shoelace snapped .
so he hadta go and find another pair of shoelaces as quick as he could .
but then when he went to look for them he couldn't find any shoelaces .
so he hadta take his brother's shoes which didn't quite fit him .
so his toe was almost sticking out of the end .
then by the time he got all his stuff together he went to go to the school bus .
and the school bus had left .
so he was chasing the school bus to school .
and he fell in a mud puddle .
so he was all dirty when he went to school .
and his teacher said Jiminey why are you late ?
and he goes well I thought it was a saturday .
and then he went in school for class .
once upon a time it was saturday at twelve o'clock .
and Jane went out to the park to play because she told her mom .
and her mom said sure but take your brother along .
so Jane ran as fast as she could to get away from her brother because they were playing tag .
when she finally gotta the park she stopped to catch her breath .
then out of the corner of her eye she saw a person with eight legs no hair and with purple skin and polka dots .
so she ran as fast as she could to get her brother .
Jane said Daniel Daniel come see what I found !
he goes hang_on a second Jane .
I wanna walk .
so then Jane goes but Daniel I found aliens !
I think .
and then Daniel goes aliens huh ?
aliens live in outer space .
and there's probably none .
so then she pulled Daniel as hard as she could .
and then she peeked out of the corner of her eye again .
and she saw them .
it was actually the whole family and their dog with fire all the way into its feet .
Daniel goes woah@c , come on , lets go tell mom .
and she goes no wait !
this could be a secret .
but first we hafta make sure they stay here and trap them somehow .
and then we can come get our friends and show them as proof .
so then Daniel set up a trap for the aliens as Jane ran back to get her mom dad and some of her best friends .
so they followed her .
and when the aliens went to the picnic table it collapsed .
and they were trapped in a cage with metal bars so they couldn't get out .
then when her friends saw they go oh_my_gosh !
it's aliens !
this is a story I'll never forget .