Lisa and Raymond got home in the afternoon .
and their mom was home .
and his mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and Lisa and Raymond they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
so their mom she got a uh I don't remember .
and Raymond got a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa finally figured out what she wanted .
and she got a cheeseburger a coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and when the clerk said it was twelve fifty and and the mom reached for their purse and couldn't find it and remembered she had left it at home .
Jake woke up in the morning .
and he was really tired .
and he was having a bad hair day .
and he went downstairs .
and he poured too much milk in his bowl .
and it dripped on the floor .
and his mother didn't like that .
so he hadta clean that up .
and as he was getting ready for school tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and that made him very frustrated .
and then as he was going out to the bus he missed the bus and was running after it .
and he missed the bus and couldn't get to school .
so he hadta walk to school .
and he was having a really bad day .
these two adults were walking on a trail to a picnic table while they were having a picnic .
and they were walking around .
and they heard this weird noise .
and they looked up .
and they said oh it's a u_f_o .
and one of the people said no .
it couldn't be a u_f_o .
that be a big problem because there's no such thing as u_f_os .
so as it was coming down they saw that it was really a u_f_o .
and as these eight legged octopus people were coming down the boy got really scared and was trying to go away .
but the woman liked it .
so they were trying to go and see them .
xxx xxx and see them .
and as they went to go see them the boy started to attack them .
and they went home .
and they told all their friends about it .
and all their friends said prove it to us .
so they went back .
but the u_f_o wasn't there .