on tuesday her mother asked where do you wanna eat ?
the children they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they get to the front door Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
and then Lisa decided .
she wanted a happy meal with fries and a icecream cone .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
mom ordered a salad .
it cost them twelve dollars fifty cents .
but when mom reached in her purse there was no money .
she must have left it in the counter at home .
what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
what what other characters were in the story ?
the mom .
where did they go to eat ?
Mcdonalds .
what did Lisa order ?
Big_Mac with fries and a icecream cone .
what did Raymond order ?
a cheeseburger with +/.
the boy woke up very late .
he got up for breakfast .
he poured milk in his bowl .
but he was too busy looking at the clock .
and then when he was tying his shoe his shoelace snapped .
and then when he went outside the school bus already left .
when he gotta school the teacher was was mad at him because he came really late .
that's all .
there was this boy and a girl named +...
the boy was named Alex .
and the girl was named Julie .
Julie and Alex were going to the park because they left their ball in the park .
then when they got there they found the ball behind the bush .
when they picked it up a spaceship came down and aliens .
first the little dog came out .
then four alien members came .
then Jennifer tried to pull Alex out of the bushes .
but Alex was too scared because he thought they might hurt him .
but when she did they said we come in peace .
and and Alex pet their dog .
the dog liked it .
and then they were saying that what are your names .
the little boy said Antville .
the mom said Mary .
the dad said September .
and the uncle said December .
when they told them their names Jennifer said I'm Jennifer .
and this is Alex .
and then Jennifer showed the aliens the ball .
and and then Antville just hit the ball .
and the ball went rolling .
Antville went after it .
he says this is my dog merry_christmas .
we come from the planet Yakkah &=laughs .
we just came to earth for a vacation .
and this has been a long vacation .
Antville said will you come to see us every single day ?
then Jennifer said yes .
Alex said no he can't come .
and then they said let's go tell mom and dad what we saw .