&=laughs on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where do you wanna go for dinner ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and then went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to order .
while Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted to order .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake fries and a burger .
well and then his mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone a burger and fries .
then the clerk said the total was twelve ninety five or something .
and and then when her mom was checking for her purse she realized she didn't have it and remembered that she left it at home .
and that's it .
I'm gonna call this The_Worst_Day_Ever .
first there's a boy named bob .
and he wakes up in the morning and realizes that his alarm clock didn't go off .
so he's gonna be late for school if he doesn't hurry up .
then he goes downstairs to make himself some breakfast .
but he starts to look at the clock to check the time .
so he's pouring his milk .
and then he doesn't realize that the milk is spilling .
so now he hasta fix up his breakfast and everything .
then he takes a shower and gets ready and whatever .
and then when he's putting on his shoes he starts tying them .
but he's so strong it breaks his shoelace .
then he realizes that he's late for the school bus .
so when he goes outside the school bus is already driven away .
so then he ends up walking to school .
and the teacher was standing right outside the door waiting for him .
and she got mad at him and asked him why he was late .
he told the teacher the story about the bad day .
so the teacher forgave him .
I'm just gonna title this story The_Abduction .
and it's about a boy and a girl .
the boy's name is rob .
and the girl's name is lily .
so okay one day they were at the park .
and they were playing hide-and-go-seek .
when suddenly they heard a loud beeping noises from up above .
so they looked up and saw a huge spaceship that was orange and yellow .
and it was pretty big .
lily was so excited .
and she wanted to go near the spaceship .
and so she stood right beneath it .
and she called it down .
and as it came down rob grabbed lily by the hand and tried to pull her away .
but lily was so excited when she saw a bunch of aliens come out of it .
she saw a mom a dad a baby and a dog alien .
she wanted to go say hi to them and ask them what planet they were from .
so she grabbed rob by the hand and led him over to the aliens .
the aliens spoke a weird language .
so lily couldn't understand it .
so she tried to teach them english .
but but they couldn't learn it .
then soon it was getting dark .
and the sun was beginning to set .
so the alien family hadta go back to their planet which lily found out was berserk .
and so they went back in their spaceship and left back to their planet .
they were here on vacation for like a month .