when Raymond and Lisa got home from school , their mother told them that they were going to go out tonight and where did they wanna go .
they both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
as they were going there , Raymond and and his mother both knew what they wanted .
but Lisa was trying to decide between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
when they got there , Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake , french_fries , and a cheeseburger .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa decided to get a happy meal , a chocolate icecream cone , and a coke .
but the total amount of money was twelve dollars fifty .
but when their mother reached for where her purse should have been , she suddenly remembered that she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day , George got out of bed rather a little too late for his liking .
and because of the fact that he was late , he rushed .
he wasn't really able to eat breakfast .
his lace broke on top of everything .
he just kept staring at the clock .
and when he finally got out , he missed the bus by the odd two seconds .
and he hadta walk to school which was a rather long twenty mile trip .
and his bicycle was in the repair shop .
so he couldn't ride .
his teacher was none too happy about this .
and if she hadn't been in a good mood about the projects that had been turned in yesterday , she would've given him detention .
instead , she let him off with a warning .
one day , Dana and Hugo were walking .
and they were taking a picnic lunch to their favorite park bench .
but on their way , they heard this loud &=hums in other words a humming sound .
and this odd looking spaceship arrived .
and when the the spaceship landed , a door opened on the side .
and a family of squidlike aliens emerged .
with them was this odd looking thing of supposedly their impression of a dog .
and Dana wanted to go and meet them .
but Hugo wasn't so sure .
he'd been reading too many science fiction books .
so he thought they had like alien zapper guns or something .
and anyway a squid family had a picnic lunch too .
they walked over to the bench .
and they sat down .
now this got Hugo rather mad because he really wanted a lunch because Dana was his girlfriend .
and it's the whole thing anyway .
and so they just decided to go up and see if they could get their bench back .
but instead , they ended up becoming rather good friends with the aliens .
they even got some photos .
mhm .
yep .
and they also got a few other souvenirs .
&=sighs Hugo , for example , got a book and a and a squidish@n to to english dictionary &=laughs .
and every once in a while , these squid families would arrive .
and they'd have lunch because .
and only Hugo and Dana knew about them .
although they did try to tell their parents .
their parents sent them both to a psychiatrist , which was not really enjoyable .
but but they they blabbed on for which the psychiatrist lost his nerve completely .
and that's the story of the squid family .