okay .
on tuesday Raymond and Lisa wanted to go +...
their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
and their mom asked her when they said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't make up her mind what to get .
and Raymond knew just what to get .
so did his mom .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind and had a chocolate icecream cone and french_fries and a cheeseburger .
and then when Raymond and his mom ordered a cheeseburger and french_fries and large milkshake .
and then the clerk said that it was twelve fifteen .
and then the mom went down and looked for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left it at at home on the counter .
there was a boy that slept in too long .
and he forgot that it was time for school .
he only had a little bit .
and then he went downstairs to get some breakfast .
and he spilled milk all over .
and then he went upstairs to go change .
and then he got his bookbag on and then went outside .
and he was late for the bus .
and the bus just passed .
and then he went back home .
and he got some things .
and then he walked walked to school .
and he was a little bit late .
and then he told told the teacher that he was sorry that he was late because he slept in too long .
(8.) and then he went to school .
once there was a boy and a girl .
they were gonna go to the park for a little bit and play .
and and then they went over .
and they were behind a bush .
and then they saw four aliens and a alien dog .
and then the boy said don't go over there .
and the girl just wandered over there and say hi or something .
and the boy was telling her not to .
and he was grabbing her to take her back .
but she just wanted to go over and do something to them .
and the aliens were saying hi and stuff .
they were +...
and the boy thought they were really scary .
and they went .
and they came out of the ship from from somewhere .
and then the boy finally got the girl .
and then the aliens and the alien dog finally after they played and all that they went back in their ship .
they went far far away .
and the girl got sorta mad .
but then they finally went back home and told their parents .
and they didn't do anything .
and they didn't believe .
so and then they never came back again .