there's a mom .
and she has a boy named Raymond and a little girl named Lisa .
and she asked them where they wanted to go eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they get +...
while they're driving Raymond doesn't know if he wants a kidsmeal or a Big_Mac .
but Lisa and her mom both know what they want .
when they get there Lisa orders a cheeseburger french_fries vanilla milkshake and a vanilla icecream cone .
their mother orders a salad .
and Raymond orders a kidsmeal french_fries vanilla milkshake and a vanilla icecream cone .
and when the clerk says it's five something they find out that they left their money on the kitchen counter at their house .
there's a little boy named Josh .
and when he gets up for school he looks at his clock .
and he looks at his clock .
and he's late .
he gets up brushes his teeth runs into the kitchen starts making breakfast as fast as he can .
then he was about to go outside when he notices he hasta get dressed runs back into his room puts on a long sleeved shirt and jeans puts on his socks and shoes starts tying his shoes when his shoelace brakes .
he ties it as_well_as he can with that and grabs his backpack runs outside .
when he runs out the schoolbus is past his house .
he runs after the schoolbus until he reaches school .
when he gets there the principal was standing outside and is mad at him for being late for school .
once there was boy named Jake and his little sister Catherine .
they liked exploring the forest behind their house in the park .
so one day when they were walking through the park they found something in the sky far away .
Daniel got scared .
Lisa wanted to see what it was .
she started going closer .
then it started to land .
and there was a little door that opened .
Lisa was very excited .
Daniel was starting to run away when Lisa grabbed his arm and pulled him back and said lets find out what's in there .
it could be a new hair brushing kit .
and Daniel kept telling Lisa that they should go home .
Lisa I mean +...
Lisa kept walking closer and closer and pulling Daniel along behind her .
all of a sudden the door opened and out came these octopus looking aliens with luggage and a lot of legs .
there was a little girl one .
and she was holding a dog .
there was a mother a big sister and a father .
Daniel got even more scared .
Lisa went up and met them .
they soon became very great friends .
and they lived as next door neighbors .