on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got in the car with their mother .
and they decided they wanted Mcdonalds to eat .
and so the mother said okay sure .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they got in Mcdonalds .
and they they were ordering .
and Raymond ordered a hamburger and a coke with a chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and her mom ordered a hamburger with a coke .
and then her mom +...
the cashier guy said that it was twelve fifty .
and her mom looked in her purse .
and she noticed that she forgot her money on the kitchen counter .
tuesday morning Robert got up out of bed yawning because he was so tired because he went to bed late last night .
and so he went to the kitchen and was going to pour some milk into his cereal when he poured the milk it spilled because he poured too much .
so so far he felt like he was having a bad day .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was already running late .
he went to his room and tied his shoes .
but his shoelace fell off because he was in such a bad mood that he broke the shoelace .
and then he ran outside noticing that the school bus had already left .
and so he thought that he was late .
so he just started walking to school .
and when he gotta class his teacher was disappointed because he was late .
so he said he was sorry and went back into class .
one day Michelle and David were walking in the woods .
and they were going to have a picnic at the picnic table .
and they were walking .
and they heard a noise .
and it was kind of like a plane landing .
and so they looked around the corner .
and there was a spaceship .
and the door started to open .
and there was a family .
there was a little tiny alien a alien dog an alien mom and an alien dad that were getting out .
and they were dressed and everything like humans .
but they had squidlike legs and stuff .
and there was another alien that was saying goodbye to them .
and the spaceship was about to take off .
but Michelle wanted to go greet the aliens and find out where they came from .
and find out like who they are and stuff .
but David said no .
you never know .
they might be dangerous .
so the aliens were getting out .
and they started walking down the woods .
and they finally disappeared .
when Michelle kind of got mad at David for saying no .
but David said that was done for your own good .
you never know what they might do .