at seven o'clock when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother asked them where they wanted to go out for dinner .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got into the restaurant Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond ordered a happy meal , a vanilla milkshake and (5.) fries I think .
I know .
but I forget what their mom ordered .
(9.) okay .
their mom ordered something .
and when the clerk said that will be +...
wait .
and Lisa decided she wanted a chocolate icecream cone , a coke , and a happy meal .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom reached for her purse she saw it wasn't there .
she remembered she left it on the counter back at their house .
what should they do ?
okay .
last night Donnie had a sleepover at his friend's .
and they stayed up until two o'clock in the morning and then fell asleep .
one day later when Donnie woke up he was so tired that he couldn't concentrate on anything .
he spilled his cereal in his milk .
one of his shoelaces snapped .
and he missed the bus .
and his mom was really mad at him .
and he wasn't feeling too good .
when he gotta school his teacher told him that he was twenty minutes late .
and he got a tardy slip .
since then he's always been careful to always go to bed at an early time .
and if he has a sleepover he doesn't stay up so late .
alright .
(6.) Tom and Megan were going to school when they decided to play hookie and run off into the woods 0to see if they could find anything interesting and play games .
when they were there they heard a loud air blowing sound and something round flying in the air .
it came down lower and lower .
and it touched the ground .
and they saw it had weird markings on it .
they were scared .
so they hid behind a bush .
suddenly a compartment in the ship opened .
and an an alien family came out .
they were really weird .
but they somewhat had a nice look to them .
Megan wanted to go meet them .
but Tom was really scared .
and he wanted to stay and run .
Megan was about to run out and meet them when Tom grabbed her arm .
Megan was about to run out to meet them .
and she grabbed Tom's arm and pulled him out .
just then the alien family started saying things that made no sense to them .
and they saw that they had a little weird dog sort of thing that had no mouth and was covered with thick fur .
just then a big light came from the dog thingy and froze Tom and Megan in their place .
just then the aliens all yelled something very weird .
and and everything became swirly for Megan and Tom .
just then they could see in the distance the alien ship flying off .
and they both fainted .
when they woke up it was gone .
and they could only remember a faint memory of what happened .
but since they had just woken up they thought it might have easily been a dream .
so they came home and told their parents what happened .
they got in pretty big trouble .
but their parents all agreed that it was a dream so did Tom and Megan .