well they were at home .
and the mother asked where they would like to eat .
and at the same time Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they decided to go .
and it turned out that the mother left the purse at home .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to get .
but Raymond and the mother knew exactly what they wanted .
so they ordered first .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa made up her mind and said I want a happy meal or the Big_Mac .
and they ordered .
but they realized that they left the purse at home .
one day the little boy jimmy he was watching tv .
and he looked at the clock .
and he realized that it was really really late .
so he decided to go to bed .
the next morning jimmy he woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he slept late .
so he rushed down the stair and tried to pour his milk .
but it spilled everywhere .
so he hadta clean it up .
and that started taking up lots of time .
and the bus was about to come .
so he was getting on his shoes .
and he was rushing .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he ripped his shoelace .
so by the time that he got everything ready he ran to the busstop and saw the bus leaving .
so his mother gave him a ride to school .
and in the car she said that next time he shouldn't watch tv until so late .
and when he gotta school he wasn't paying attention .
one day Sara and john were walking through the park .
and they heard some weird gurgling noises .
and so they kept on walking .
but they were kind of scared .
and they saw three squids .
and they were coming out of a u_f_o .
and they were frightened .
and they didn't think that u_f_os were real .
but the u_f_os kind of looked like octopuses .
and they thought it was very strange .
and the girl Sara wanted to see what was happening .
but john decided that they shouldn't do it because it could be dangerous .
and they could get hurt .
so john pulled Sara away .
and Sara asked why they shouldn't look at what was happening .
and john said that he didn't want his sister to get hurt .
so they went back home .
and they kept everything a secret to their family .