on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said we are going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
when they got there Raymond and his mother knew exactly what they would have .
Raymond would order a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mother would order a salad .
when Lisa gotta the clerk she had decided what she would have .
she ordered a Kids_Meal with coke and chocolate icecream .
the clerk said it would cost eleven fifty .
when their mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she realized she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
on wednesday Brian's alarm clock did not sound .
so he got up later than he was usually sposta .
and he was so worried about the time that when he was having breakfast .
he poured too much milk into his cereal bowl and it spilled out .
so he hadta clean that up .
and that made him even later .
then when he was getting dressed and tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
so he couldn't tie his shoe .
but then he got a spare shoelace from his dad's old pair of shoes .
he made his lunch and put all his homework in his backpack and then ran out the door before he said goodbye to his mom .
so he sprinted to the busstop where the bus had left right before he got there .
so he hadta walk to school .
on the way to school he fell in a puddle and was dirty soaking and discouraged when he gotta school that morning after he was sposta +...
it was half an hour after he was sposta get to school .
one sunday afternoon Ryan and Megan were hiking in the woods where they found a path of oil .
and they they tried to follow it .
but there were many obstacles like large rocks and streams .
they managed to climb around or over the large rocks and through or over the streams .
soon after they were done with all the obstacles they found themselves in a green where there was a large picnic table and what seemed to be a landing site .
then they heard a large roar and looked up .
there was a flurry of lights and smoke filling the air .
they ran for the bushes and dove into them .
soon after a large spacecrafted object landed .
so they hid behind the bushes and waited .
soon after they waited for about five minutes and decided to head back .
once they were about five feet away from the bushes they heard a roar again .
then suddenly a door opened on the spacecraft which they had noticed by then had some markings on the top .
they soon after hid behind the bushes once again and saw octopuslike creatures come out of the space shuttle .
they were purple and wore clothes with green and blue polka dots on their skin .
they had large eyes and odd shaped heads .
one woman alien had hair .
they assumed these were aliens .
they decided to peek out around the bushes and try not to be seen once again .
they were not .
but when they peeked out a little child had come out with a weird looking dog .
it had shaggy fur but a bare head except for two patches of hair and bare legs .
they saw the aliens move to a picnic table .
then Megan wanted to jump out from behind the bushes and take the dog home to prove that it was real .
when they tried to Ryan had stopped Megan .
the lights on the spaceship lit up as if the spaceship knew they were there .
they decided to run from those bushes to a few others .
the aliens looked over to where they useta be and looked in the bushes .
the dog started growling at where they were .
and then they ran from their hiding spot and picked up some oil in a jar to prove they were real .
they ran back home .
but once they got home they showed their parents .
and in the jar there was nothing but water instead of oil .
they had led their parents to where they thought it was .
but there were no steams or rocks there anymore .
and they could not find the landing pad or the picnic table .
they had +...
when they were running back they had heard a loud roar and didn't look back .
to see that the spaceship had taken off again .