when Lisa +/.
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them we're going to go out tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and they shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they rusheded to the car .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to get .
but Raymond and her mom knew what to get .
Raymond wanted &*INV:mhm the cheeseburger cheeseburger french fries .
and he wanted a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom wanted a cheeseburger .
and finally Lisa made up her mind .
and she said that she wanted a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a soda .
I think a drink oh and a soda .
and the guy that worked there said it would be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and when their mom was going to get her purse and look it .
it wasn't there .
and then she suddenly remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
uhhuh .
nine um do I needta pick a title ?
I don't wanna .
alright .
there was a boy named Alex .
and he had a bad day .
and the alarm clock woke him up in the middle of a dream .
[ to have breakfast .
he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled his milk .
and it splashed all over the bowl &*INV:mhm because he put too much .
and it went dripping on the floor and on the table .
and then he got dressed .
and then when he was tying his shoes the laces fell out .
and then the time when he was struggling on it his bus came and left .
and then when he went to the bus stop he didn't see anyone there .
and then he looked .
and then he saw the bus .
and he ran after .
and and then when he gotta school his teacher said why are you so late ?
and she looked at her clock .
and she said well you came way too late .
mhm .
oh my god .
alright .
there were two kids named Matt and Katie .
and they were taking a walk in the park .
and then they suddenly saw something fall .
and it was a spaceship .
and then they saw aliens coming out of it .
and they had so many nets .
and then they looked at them .
and the aliens had spots on them .
and they were all purple .
and they had a strange looking dog .
and then Katie wanted to go say hi because it looked like they were spying .
and then Matt said no don't .
and then Katie points him .
and he tried to stop her .
and then that's the end .
um no .