when mom picked ray and Carmine up mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
Carmine and ray both shouted Mcdonalds .
and they drive to it .
by the time time they got there Lisa didn't know what to decide a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
by the +...
and mom and Raymond had already decided what they wanted .
when they gotta the counter Lisa had already made up her mind .
mom ordered a salad .
ray ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a sprite with a large vanilla shake .
Lisa wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a coke with a chocolate icecream cone .
the man said okay that will be twelve dollars and ninety nine cents .
and their mom was reaching in for her purse .
she had noticed she didn't have it .
and she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
once there was a boy .
his name was Jim .
he wasn't paying attention at breakfast .
he was pouring too much milk that his bowl was full of milk .
and it spilled all over the table .
when Jim was tying his shoes he broke one of his shoelaces .
then he walked off to go to the school bus .
but it had already left .
then he hadta walk to school .
the teacher said he was tardy .
Jim got a tardy and gave it to his teacher .
once there was a boy and a girl .
the girl's name was Amelia .
the boy's name was Brock .
one saturday afternoon a weird spaceship landed .
a slot opened .
and it was a walkway .
three aliens with eight feet and one alien dog with four feet with a strange looking tail appeared in the backyard where Amelia and Brock were camping .
the aliens greeted Amelia .
and Brock didn't look too scared .
but he was still a little bit scared .
Amelia said to the aliens that Brock was behind the bushes .
Brock didn't want the aliens to see him .
so he hid behind a large oak tree in the bushes .
the aliens still saw him with their Magnopower .
even the dog saw him .
then they said goodbye on one Friday morning .
and then they accidentally left their cousin and the child and the dog .
so the cousin the child and the dog hadta stay on earth .
then the fifth saturday morning when Amelia was twelve and Brock was fourteen the aliens came back to get the child the cousin and the dog .
then they all left .
but still they left the child and the dog .
then when Amelia was fourteen and Brock was twenty the aliens came back .
they got the child .
but they forgot the dog still .
then when Brock was twenty two and Amelia was sixteen they came back and got the dog .
then they went to their home planet back to Jupiter .
and they put the dog in his xxx .
and they left the dog on mars because that is where he was from .