Mack and Lisa as they just got back from the school their mother asked them if they wanted to go out and eat .
and she said where do you wanna go .
and the two of them yelled Mcdonalds .
then they got in the car and drove there .
and Mack decided what he wanted .
and and the mother decided what she wanted .
but Lisa she didn't know what she wanted .
and then Mack and said I want a happy meal happy meal .
I want a cheeseburger and a drink and a milkshake .
and her mom said to the chef I want a salad .
and Lisa finally made up .
she said to the chef I want a happy meal with with a drink and vanilla icecream .
and it cost six cents .
and then the mother reached back for her purse .
she realized that she left her purse on the kitchen table at home .
one morning Jonathon woke up .
and he shut off his alarm clock and poured him some cereal .
he made a big mess .
and he got ready for school .
when he was walking his shoes were untied .
and he accidentally stepped on one .
and it broke .
then he asked his mother to fix it .
then he missed the bus .
and he started running towards it to try to get to the bus and make it stop .
when he was running he noticed the bus stopped at his school .
and he went in .
and his teacher said he was late .
and then he went sat in his chair and learned about dinosaurs .
and then he he went back home and told his mother he had a hard day .
she made him lay down and rest .
then somebody came to visit his teacher .
and then he went to his teacher and said I'm sorry .
I was late .
then he went back home .
and then he got in his bed and watched tv .
and then he went downstairs .
and he he asked his mom if he could invite one of his friends over .
and she said no because his friend was sick too .
then the next morning he woke up .
and then he he didn't feel good .
so his mom let him stay home .
and he complained about his stomach hurting .
and he had a headache .
one morning Kaitlyn played outside on the playground .
and then they spotted a spaceship floating down to the world .
and then came out of it was octopuses and aliens .
and then of the day the octopuses landed there was this girl and this boy .
the girl ran towards the octopuses .
the boy went back two two steps .
and the little boy said to the girl don't go over there .
they might be aliens from space .
and they might even take you for dinner .
and the little girl said no they won't .
they look like friendly .
some monsters do but they really aren't .
so the girl took back two steps too .
and the girl went over and said are you aliens .
and they said yes .
and the girl answered what are you doing here .
you're not a alien .
and so she said we live on earth .
you guys don't .
you live in outer space .
and then the octopuses found their home in the sea .
they took their little dog with them .
and the little girl tried to steal the little dog .
but she couldn't because they were guarding the dog .
and then Allysa ran to the dog when the family turned their head and grabbed the dog and took off .
then the dog growled at the little girl and jumped out of her hands and went back to the octopuses .
the end .