when Lisa and Raymond came back home from school their mother said we are going out for dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go to eat ?
Mcdonalds they shouted .
they jumped in the car .
then their mother drove them to the restaurant .
when they got there Lisa forgot what she wanted .
but Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted .
Lisa forgot .
Raymond said I'll have a vanilla milkshake a french fries and a sandwich .
their mother wanted a coke with salad .
there was a +...
and Lisa certainly knew what she wanted .
she wanted coke a chocolate icecream cone french fries and a sandwich sandwich .
the server said that will be twenty one cents out of thirty .
their mother reached into her pocket .
she didn't feel anything .
she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
then they hadta drive back home and get it .
what is their name ?
when jimmy woke up he was late for school .
he dropped the milk on the table by accident .
he broke his shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and his teacher was very very mad .
Jim and Michelle .
they were going through a path that they didn't know where they lead .
they went in the alien worlds .
they actually met five aliens .
they looked like octopuses with spots on them .
but they were actually aliens .
Jim was scared that they would hurt them .
Michelle wasn't .
she was very psyched because she never saw aliens like that .
they were on a plane that had just started to go .
another alien was waving bye because she couldn't come .
they were having lots of stops .
the dad had all the stop .
the mother hadta walk the baby .
and the baby hadta walk the doggie .
they suddenly went out in the bushes .
they spooked the whole family of aliens .
they actually knew they were actually aliens .
they were not octopuses .
they walked the dog .
there was a father .
they were a mother .
there was a child .
there was a dog .
there was Jim and Michelle .
they did not know what to say to them .
did they wanna say welcome to our world ?
did they wanna say hello what's your name ?
are you dad ?
do you have a name ?
I don't know I don't know I don't know what else to say .
the end .