Raymond and Katie and her mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
and she asked them a question .
then she said where do you like to eat tonight .
they said Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Katie ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a diet Pepsi .
and Raymond Raymond ordered a a cheeseburger and fries and a vanilla shake and and a a +...
and the mom ordered a diet Pepsi and a double cheeseburger and fries with pickles .
and the problem was their mom left her purse behind at home on the kitchen counter .
and you ask and you asked me what were the kids names .
and you asked me what was the problem ?
and what did their mom order ?
and what did they order ?
and okay hm: hm: hm: +...
I guess that's all I can remember .
the boy said that he was late .
and the clock was by his head .
he was looking at the clock by the kitchen .
and he made a mess with the milk .
he had trouble tying his shoes because one of the laces broke .
and then he missed the school bus .
and the teacher was pointing at her clock and saying that he was late .
and that's all .
the aliens when arrive on earth .
and a girl named Jessie thought that they were friendly .
but but her friend named David wasn't so sure .
so she grabbed her wrist .
but Jessie went grabbed his wrist .
and he accidently let go .
he said no .
but the aliens didn't hear him .
and he said come on David .
I think +...
and he said I don't think their so friendly .
Jessie said maybe they are .
we should try it out .
but he said no .
but Jessie went .
and he asked the aliens a question .
but they were a little friendly .
but they didn't like questions .
so they told him to go away because because they didn't like questions .
they didn't like questions at all .
so Jessie said that they're a little nice .
but she said I guess that they don't like questions .
so they told their mom and dad .
by the time their mom and dad got back the aliens weren't there anymore .
so the mom and dad said it's hard to believe you that you saw aliens .
and the mom and dad and then David and Jessie wondered if it was a dream or a daydream or just their imagination .
and that's all .
I think .