one night after school Lisa and Raymond +...
no .
their mom asked Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to eat out .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Raymond ordered fries a Big_Mac and vanilla shake .
Lisa ordered fries a happy meal and an icecream cone .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve ninety nine I think or ninety eight ninety nine or ninety eight .
and then their mom realized that she left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
one morning when Matt woke up he looked at the time .
and he was really late .
so then he made his bed .
and he went downstairs .
he poured some cereal .
but then he realized the time .
and he kept pouring the milk in the bowl overflo flowed with milk .
then he got dressed .
he combed his hair .
and then he put on his shoes .
and he tied his shoes .
then when he was tying the other shoe his shoelace snapped .
then when he fixed it he put on his backpack .
and then he ran outside .
but then when he ran outside he saw the bus was leaving .
and he ran trying to catch up .
and he tried to stop the bus .
but the bus driver couldn't see him .
then when he gotta school the principal was out at the door .
and the principal was very mad at him because he was late .
and then when he went to class everybody was already doing their work .
the end .
one day Matt and Andrea went to the park on their bike .
when they parked their bike they went down a path to where the picnic tables were .
then they heard some sort of crash .
so Andrea went to go see it .
and Matt didn't wanna because he didn't think it was such a good idea .
then Andrea took his hand and made him run wherever they heard the sound .
then when they went to see it they saw a dog that looked very weird .
and a mom a teenager or a mom and a dad they didn't know and a little girl .
and they each had eight legs .
they were like octopuses .
just they had eyes and mouths and arms .
and they had a dog .
and they stood up on ground .
and they wore clothes .
and and they saw the humongous ship they came down out from .
and they were very surprised and scared .
then the aliens spotted them .
and then the aliens were like hello earthling .
and they asked do you wanna have lunch with us ?
and Matt was very afraid .
and he almost ran away .
and Andrea said sure we would like to have lunch with you .
and then the aliens went back into their ship and got some food .
and when the mom was making the lunch Andrea and Matt helped set up the tent with the little girl .
and then after that they played with the dog and the little girl .
and then when the lunch was ready they came out with something that smelled very good but didn't look too good .
and then Matt and Andrea ate it .
and they said it was delicious .
and then the aliens went back into the ship and said goodbye .
and the little girl helped take down the tent .
and then they went back into the ship with the little dog too .
and then they took off .
and then they kept seeing them every summer .
the end .
came back every summer .
the end .