they came home from school .
and the mother asked they're going out to eat .
and the mother said where do you wanna go .
and both of the children said Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car .
and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and sorry I forgot the girl's name .
Sally didn't know what to get .
but the mom and the +...
can't remember the boy's name .
the mom and the son knew what to order .
and when they gotta the counter they knew what to order .
and the son said I'll have a Big_Kids_Meal cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom got a salad .
and finally the daughter knew what to order .
and she said a happy meal .
and she wanted a vanilla icecream cone with a coke .
and then she wanted a happy meal .
and the waitress said that will be twenty nine dollars and twenty nine cents .
and the mom when she reached into her purse she knew that the purse was left on the kitchen table at home .
and the mom wrote a check .
the daughter's name was Rachel .
and the son's name was +...
I forget the son's name .
and the son's name was Matt .
and um I can't remember .
once there was a boy that got up .
and he was late for school .
and he went in the kitchen with his nightclothes on and poured some milk .
then he got dressed and put on his shoes .
and then his shoelace broke .
and then he was ready to go out for the bus .
and the bus already passed to pick up the other kids .
and the bus was already at school .
and the boy was late for school because he was late for the bus because he got up too early .
and and the person that was standing outside the door told him he was too late for school .
ten and that he was too late for school .
that's all I can think of .
once there were these people that came down in a ship to the park to play .
and there were these two people there .
and the girl wanted to pet the doggy .
but the dad didn't want her too .
but the girl was pulling him .
and the dad knew what they were .
but the girl didn't .
because the dad knew what they looked like .
and they were aliens .
because the girl thought they weren't and they were people .
and the girl thought the dog looked nice because the doggy looked like a real one .
that's all I can think of for this story .