on tuesday there was a mother .
and she said why don't we go out to eat .
and Lisa and Terom &*INV:okay they jumped up and said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
her brother did .
but she didn't .
and then she decided .
she wanted a happy meal and a vanilla milkshake with a coke .
and then the cashier said that would be twelve fifty .
and then Lisa noticed that her mom left the purse back at the house on the counter .
and they didn't know what to do .
there was this kid named Joey .
he woke up .
there once was kid named Joey .
he woke up .
and then he knew he had school .
so he went downstairs made breakfast for himself .
and he had cereal .
and then he spilled his milk .
and then he got dressed .
so he he cleaned up his mess then got dressed .
then he tied his shoes .
and then a shoelace snapped .
so he tried to tie his shoe .
a small shoelace and a long shoelace .
and he went outside .
he got his bookbag and then went outside to the bus stop .
and he missed the bus .
so he decided to walk to school .
and his teacher was waiting outside the door .
and then his teacher said he was late for school .
so he felt bad .
once there was this brother and sister .
they heard this sound .
so they went back to the park to see if the sound was coming from there .
and then they saw this yellow thing up in the sky .
and then it go closer and closer .
so then they saw that it was a spaceship .
and then they saw aliens walking out .
it was a whole family a dog a kid a mother and a father .
and and the girl named Michelle she wanted to go say hi to them .
but Joe grabbed her arm and said no .
so she was like alright alright .
and then they went home to tell their parents the story .
and their parents said I don't believe you .
but they said we could prove it .
so they brought their parents to the place they saw them .
and then their parents saw the spaceship .
and then their parents said cool I can't believe this .
and then the mother said I'm going home to get the camera .
and she went home to get their camera .
and then she came back .
and then she filmed the aliens and the spaceship .
so she put it on tv .
and everybody came to their house and said wow how did you film that .