one day the same exact way or .
I can't remember exact words .
I can't remember exact words but they used .
but I can remember might be able remember what you I can .
one night Lisa and Raymond's mother told them that tonight we're gonna eat out .
she asked them where do you wanna eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car .
and their mother went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not decide what she wanted to order .
Raymond wanted a (7.) a whopper .
and and the mother ordered .
I can't remember in the exact same word .
and I can't remember what they ordered .
the mother ordered a I'm not sure what the mother ordered .
and finally Lisa decide what she want too .
she wanted a whopper and a chocolate cone .
by the time they gotta the clerk and they ordered .
Lisa and Raymond's mother realized that she had left her purse on the kitchen counter .
he woke up late .
he spilled his milk .
it was milk and breakfast .
ripped his shoelaces missed the bus and gotta school late .
one day aliens from space came to earth .
Lisa and Justin saw them in the park coming down from the spaceship .
Lisa was excited and wanted to meet them .
but Justin said don't go and was trying to get away .
Lisa found out that they were gonna be their neighbors .
and Justin wanted to run away from home .
Justin said I'd rather live in a tree with woodpeckers then be neighbors with some aliens .
nine when Lisa heard that she wanted to punch Justin .
but she knew that it was her brother .
so she didn't wanna fight .
and finally Lisa got Justin to try to meet them .
they talk a different language .
so they couldn't understand them .
but from the way how they talked they knew that they were nice people .
and nice aliens .
sometimes they did strange things .
and then next month they decided to go back and live in the park where Justin and Lisa always played .
they became friends with all of them even the dog .
the dog looked the strangest .
not saying that they didn't all look strange .
the dog was was furry only in one spot .
the rest were just skinny blue and didn't look too nice .
everybody in the family was bald except for the mother even the girl .
they didn't look like they had a a lot of stuff .
just to live in one place .
because I don't think it looks like that much stuff .
nine (12.) they started to play games with the girl and the dog .
they got useta the scary funny looking dog .
and they all became very good friends .
the end .