um I hafta say exactly ?
um (5.) (4.) I don't know (3.) um +...
Lisa didn't know what to order .
and she couldn't decide from a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and her mother and her brother knew what they were gonna get .
and Lisa ordered a kidsmeal coke and a chocolate cone .
and her brother ordered (3.) cheeseburger a vanilla shake and fries .
her mom ordered a salad .
and once they wanted to pay her mother thought she had her purse .
but she realized she left it home &*INV:good_job on the counter .
there once was a boy name bill .
and mostly everyday he was always late for school .
and he always forgot to set his alarm clock .
four when it was almost time for the bus to come he wasn't even dressed .
and he was pouring his milk on his cereal .
two (6.) and he had trouble tying his shoe because he was only in kindergarten .
and when he got out there the bus was already driving away away .
so he hadta walk to school .
and then once he gotta school (3.) he was late once again like he always is .
his teacher said go sit down .
and he did his work .
and he got a-plus on all of them .
um (8.) there once lived a girl named Bill and Jane .
(3.) and they were taking a walk in the woods when they heard a weird sound of noise that they never have heard before .
so they kept on walking .
and they heard it again .
so they were getting scared .
so they went to go check it out .
then (7.) they went to go check it out .
and they hid behind a bush so they thing couldn't see them .
and when they peeked up it was (3.) a family of octopuses with a (7.) four leg octopus's dog .
the mom's name was Oogelygoogely .
four dad's name was (4.) Zee .
and the dog's name was big nose .
and the child's name was called Woogely .
the girl grabbed the boy's hands and said come on .
and the boy said no .
so then when the girl went to go check it out the dog didn't say a word .
but it tried to go and see what it was .
and then once they saw it they ran as fast as they could home and told the story .
and they never saw the octopuses again .