on tuesday &*INV:mhm when Lisa and Ronald left from school their mother asked we're going all out to eat .
where would you like to eat ?
Lisa and Ronald yelled Mcdonalds !
so then they both jumped in the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa still didn't know what she wanted a Big_Mac or a Kid_Meal .
when they went to the counter Ronald and their mother already knew what to buy .
Ronald asked I'd like a cheeseburger fries and vanilla shake .
mom said I'll have a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said I'll like chicken nuggets french fries an icecream cone and a coke .
the man then said okay that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached into the purse it was gone .
she realized she left it on on the counter at home .
one morning jack woke up with a disaster day .
he realized he was so close to being late for school .
he got out of bed .
and he did not put on his pajamas yet .
he fixed breakfast .
but he made a big mess .
he cleaned it up .
and then he ate breakfast .
and it was even later .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace just snapped off .
he tied them back together .
and then he tied on his shoes .
and then he got it .
and then he went outside .
but then he forgot his backpack .
so he went inside .
then he got his backpack .
then he went outside .
and then the school bus left without him .
he ran to school .
and then once he gotta school his teacher was pointing at her watch and saying you're late .
and then the boy said because a lot of problems happened .
one day jack and Madison went out to the park .
they were off .
and then jack said look at that sun !
and then Madison what sun ?
that sun's just yellow .
he said no that sun !
and he thinks there's two suns ?
and then all of a sudden it looked like a football shape .
then when he said hey what do you xxx ?
they wanna play xxx some big boys .
and then they're like oh no an alien ship !
and then Madison's like cool !
and then the the door opened up .
and then the father mother and the child and the daughter and the pet dog went outside .
the child was still trying to get in the ship .
jack said come on !
let's get out of here !
and and Madison was like hold your horses !
I wanna meet them because she thought they might be humans .
and she said hold your horses .
I wanna see those people because she thought those were real human beings .
then she goes ahahah@c and then runs up ahahah@c !
and then xxx xxx those are aliens !
come on !
get out_o(f) here !
she was like no way !
will you count all those feet on ?
look how many feet they have !
yeah so maybe they're just halloween costumes .
well come on !
let's get out_o(f) here !
no way !
I wanna stay here still .
the end .