one day Lisa and Raymond were at home .
and their mother came and told them we're going out to eat .
where where should we go ?
Mcdonalds they both shouted .
Lisa and Raymond jumped in the car .
and they were on their way to Mcdonalds .
then when they got there Raymond and his mother knew what they wanted .
but Lisa couldn't make up her mind rather she have a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then her brother said I would like a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake and coke .
then Lisa finally made up her mind and said I will have a happy meal with a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
the person that sells the Mcdonalds said altogether that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when Raymond's and Lisa's mother reached into the purse it wasn't there .
she had realized that they left it at home on the kitchen counter .
one morning this boy named Dan got up .
he went to go pour his cereal .
but he looked at the clock and realized it was time for him to catch his bus .
but then he was so busy looking at the clock he accidentally spilled his milk all over the kitchen counter .
then when he went in there after he ate his breakfast he went to his room and got ready for school .
then all of a sudden when he was trying to tie his shoe he broke the shoelace .
then he just left it alone and then went outside to catch his bus .
but he felt very sad when he saw his bus leave without him .
then he went to the Ms Ms Darkside .
and Ms_darkside was looking at her watch .
and then she looked at Dan said Dan you are a quarter past seven late .
once upon a time there was a family of aliens .
they had a little alien dog and a little alien daughter .
one day when they were getting off the plane they were walking past a woods .
the mother said oh goodness would you look how good this place looks .
then they went home and sat down to the table .
but once when the mother looked into the cabinets there was nothing there .
then the dad said oh come on I'm ready to eat .
the mother said well I'm sorry .
but there's nothing to eat .
what I find this hard to believe .
then then the sister said oh gracious there is nothing to eat .
the father went and looked and said somebody's been in this house stealing our food .
then the two stealers went by the window and peeked in .
the girl said look look .
they now have realized that we stole their stuff .
we have their alien cookies and their butter .
but everything else was thrown away .
after they had left from the window the mama had tried to order some pizza .
but the pizza wouldn't come because when she looked on there the cord was cut and the phone was off .
then she looked terrified .
now we can't even order some pizza .
then the daughter said I know what .
I know who came and took all our food .
then the dog barked woof@c roof@c .
then the dad said do you see something ?
then the dog said wroof@c .
then he say yes .
then they looked over at the window and saw two prisoners .
they were thiefs .
they stole everything .
they cut the telephone wire .
then all of the sudden the the prisoners went into their house .
and they started a great big fight .
then the sister ran and ran .
but then the littlest girl that stole and cut all those things that had went to the alien project and went away with the aliens .
but then she couldn't because the aliens were about to take off .
then they walked on there .
and and then the five armed alien said see you .
then she opened the door and threw her out .
but she wasn't hurt .
she said I'm not .
I'm just fine .
that little ugly alien woman must have think she hurt me .
then that's how everything got calm .
and they were able to eat again .
the end .