was it Raymond Lisa and I forget ?
okay .
Raymond and Lisa and their mom were at home .
Raymond and Lisa's mom said why don't we eat out tonight .
and she said where do you wanna go .
and both kids jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
they both jumped up in the car .
and their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and Michelle I forget her name .
I think Raymond and Michelle +...
Raymond and her mom knew what they want .
Michelle didn't know what she want .
when they gotta the counter Michelle didn't know what she wanted .
and Raymond said at the counter I want a cheeseburger a Doctor_Pepper and a vanilla icecream cone .
their mom said a cheeseburger uh I don't know what else .
and Michelle knew what she wanted .
and she said a cheeseburger a Doctor_Pepper and a a chocolate frostie yeah .
and then the person at the counter said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mom reached into her purse and and said +...
and she noticed that she left the money on the counter in the kitchen .
I don't know what to name my story .
I'm gonna name this story Jacob's_bad_day .
when Jacob woke up in the morning he looked at his clock and said I'm late .
he went downstairs to get breakfast .
he was so tired .
he poured his cereal .
and he tried to pour some milk .
but he made a mess .
when Jacob got back up to his room he tied both shoes .
and when he was trying to make a knot his shoestring broke .
he got dressed .
he got his backpack .
and he went out to the bus stop .
when he gotta the bus stop the bus was already pulling off .
so he ran down down the sidewalk .
and he said wait up for me .
but the bus didn't stop .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school he was tired .
and his teacher said you're late .
and he said I know .
I couldn't catch the bus .
his teacher said okay go to your seat .
and then we'll start .
I wanna name my story Casey_And_Jessie's_Adventure .
when Casey and Jessie came home from school they went to their backyard .
and xxx xxx Casey said let's go on an adventure in the woods .
so they went on their adventure in the woods .
they went pass dozens and dozens of bushes and trees .
when they gotta end of the bushes and trees they saw a xxx yellow thing .
Casey went to see what what it is .
and Jessie did too .
so they went to the very end of the bushes and trees .
when they finally gotta the yellow thing they saw what it was .
it was a spaceship .
Casey said let's go see what's in the spaceship .
when she got halfway there the door opened .
Jessie pulled her back behind the bushes .
she said what's the matter .
let's go meet them .
and so she pulled and pulled .
but Jessie wouldn't let her go .
when they saw what came out the door they saw three aliens .
and the littlest alien was holding a dog .
but then it didn't look like a dog .
it was an alien dog .
it was some kind of poodle with a alien head .
she pulled and pulled .
but she still couldn't get over there .
Sarah thought there was no other aliens coming out .
they saw that a alien was waving to them .
Jessie said let's go now .
this is freaky .
so they both left .
and they went home .
on their way home they was thinking about telling their family .
but Jessie said no .
everyone or anything will wanna go back .
and she xxx .
there were sending something up .
and when Casey went she figured out that she was just in a dream .
so she told her mother about the dream .
and she said I had that dream too .
let's tell dad .