when Lisa and Raymond just got home from school their mother said we're going out to eat today .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mom drove over to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't think whether to order a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
and (2.) Raymond and their mom knew what to order .
three so when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa finally made up her mind and said I want a happy meal with coke and (3.) a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother just noticed that she left her purse on the kitchen table .
one time a boy named bill got up in the morning .
and he was hungry .
so he went to get breakfast .
two but he was so clumsy that he spilled milk all over his bowl of cereal .
and he had a lot of trouble tying his shoe because he broke the lace .
and then when he was waiting at the bus stop the school bus had had already gone .
and there was the principal was waiting by the door .
and when she noticed that he came in so late she's like you're late for school .
three so he hadta go up into the classroom and tell his teacher why he was so late and hadta get a late slip or whatever they call them .
once there were two kids named bob and uh (4.) Katie .
and they were going out for a picnic when they saw a giant u_f_o fly by .
and there were a bunch of aliens with twenty nine legs walking out .
and their dog that looked like he was an old geezer because he had a big mustache .
three and they were gonna go sit at a picnic table except they were gonna move into the park .
and Katie wanted to go over there with them .
but then bob was like no don't go over there .
it's dangerous .
they might have laser guns and go .
but Katie still wanted to go .
so bob kept on pulling her back so they could hide in the bushes .
and then the family of aliens were going like oh what a beautiful day for a life .
the end .
that there was crazy japanese writing on the u_f_o .