okay on tuesday after school Lisa and Raymond's mom said they were going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
okay so Lisa and Raymond's mom hauled them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and as they walked into the restaurant Lisa didn't know what she wanted xxx .
mom and Raymond already knew what they were gonna have .
okay Raymond said he'll have a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
mom was just gonna have a salad .
and Lisa had a happy meal with a soda and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that it all adds up to twelve fifty .
his mom reached out for her purse it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she had left it on the kitchen counter .
no .
one morning I'm guessing this guy oh wait +...
I'm gonna call this story Late_For_School .
one morning Sam woke up very late because his alarm clock didn't go off .
he was rushing his breakfast .
and when he tried to tie his shoes one of his laces broke so he hadta tuck his laces into his shoes .
next picture .
then Sam didn't make it to the bus because he was so late .
then when he gotta school his teacher was very disappointed because he was running late .
so the day went on normal except for Sam because he just didn't feel right because he rushed his breakfast and kept on hurrying .
and the end .
that's all I can remember .
I did one with these pictures .
this one was when he broke his shoelace .
this one he was rushing his breakfast .
this one found out that he was late for school .
that one was the one when he was running late .
and he he didn't catch the bus on time .
when the teacher was very disappointed .
and then when he was late to school .
okay one day Tim and Jan were out .
and then they heard a strange rumbling noise behind those bushes in the forest when they were playing .
and then when they looked over they saw a big spaceship .
and then out came aliens .
they were from the planet Jinga &=laughs I'm guessing .
and there were about three people who actually came out of the ship .
there was a father a mother and a little kid .
and they had a dog too that looked very strange .
and Jan she loved aliens so she ran out to study .
but then Tim stopped her .
he said no don't go .
how do you know these aliens are friendly ?
what if they're trying to take over the world ?
don't be silly Tim .
those aliens probably just people dressed up in in costumes and doing a movie .
no Jan these aliens really could be real aliens trying to take over the world .
don't be silly there's nothing wrong with them .
I mean they look pretty nice and even though they have nine legs .
still we shouldn't go and do it .
still we shouldn't go see them .
we should go tell mom and dad .
so they ran home to go tell mom and dad .
and when they got there only the children saw the aliens .
mother and father didn't see anything but just people .
and a big giant truck .
then to them oh +...
so Tim and Jan still wondered if they were still real or only they could see them .
uh is that longer than yours ?
okay .