they came home from school .
their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
mhm .
and she said where do you wanna go ?
and Lisa and Raymond shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then their mom drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they got inside .
they were walking inside .
and then they got inside .
Raymond knew what he wanted to eat .
and his mom knew what she wanted to eat .
and then +...
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
thought and thought about it .
and then she ordered &*INV:mhm a happy meal a chocolate icecream &*INV:mhm and a chocolate milkshake and a happy meal .
and the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and (7.) +...
and then she reached down to her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she realized she left it at home on the counter .
this guy's name is gonna be Ron .
.
Ron &*INV:mhm woke up one morning .
at +...
Ron was asleep um xxx xxx .
Ron woke up .
and he figured out that he overslept when his alarm went .
next he went downstairs and poured his cereal .
but he wasn't looking at his thing when he was doing the cereal .
he looked at the clock .
then he spilled almost all of the milk that he had poured in the bowl .
and then he hadta clean it up .
next he went upstairs and got dressed .
then he started to tie his shoe .
he was tying his shoe when all of a sudden the string broke .
and then he hadta tie it with a little tiny weeny string .
and then he was all ready to go .
and then he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then when he gotta school he saw his teacher outside .
and he was tardy .
so Ron was really having a bad day .
the boy's name is gonna be David .
the girl's name is gonna be lily .
lily not xxx .
David and lily were walking in the park .
and they saw a big saucer coming .
um I forgot his name already .
&*INV:mhm David said look at that saucer .
so lily look at that saucer .
they thought it could be a big meteorite instead .
it started slowing down when it came to the earth .
then it came down and landed on the earth .
and then a door came flying down .
then David and lily knew that it was an alien saucer .
so then they went and hid behind some brushy bushes and peered over the top .
and and they saw the door open .
and then they saw these little figures coming out .
they saw one leg two leg three legs four legs five legs lots of legs coming out of the things .
they knew that it would be alien .
so the aliens +...
so they hid because they have all these little dots over them .
and they look like chickenpox .
and they had this weird dog an alien dog .
and then they land .
and then lily started to run over to try to meet them .
but but David said no wait they could hurt us .
they're not from our land .
they're from mars I think or from another galaxy .
so +...
but lily didn't pay any attention .
she just kept on trying to meet them .
and then lily finally listened .
she didn't go to meet them because they looked weird .
but they had nice smiles .
so then they went home .
and so the next day they came back .
and the aliens also were still there .
and so they wondered why it would stay here .
and they wondered where the aliens were .
and they looked all around .
and then they finally saw that they were eating the picnic .
and then they they watched them go and play on the playground .
and then they fell asleep .
so Elaina and David looked in the alien saucer .
looked like nothing was there .
except on the other side there was probably something .
they went in and looked on the other side .
they saw that there was nothing .
and they saw this big red button .
and then they saw all these weird curves on the side .
so they knew that at last they hadta push the red button for the stuff like the chair to be and the guns and all the other stuff .
and so that they now roll why that's where all the stuff went .
so now they know that they're hiding it because they don't want anybody to take off in their ship while they're still here .
so that's why they hid it .
so then right when they got out they hid in the bushes again .
then they were starting to wake up .
and then they went back on their alien saucer and went back and got some drinks .
and and then they came back out .
and there they saw the weird dog again .
and there was many many many legs and those green spots on their faces .
and then Elaina jumped up from behind the brush and started to run towards the aliens again .
but David said no no no no wait wait .
we don't know any of them .
and Elaina didn't pay any attention .
so she just kept on trying to meet them .
and then David pulled her back .
and she fell on her bottom .
so did David .
and then they went over and had a picnic .
and then they went back into the playground .
and they took a nap .
and they keeps on going over and over again .
and that's all .