Lisa she didn't decide what she wanted the happy meal or the Big_Mac .
and then she made up her mind and got the happy meal .
and she got a vanilla icecream .
and their mom had had and salad .
and their brother had +...
uh I don't remember that part .
and it had cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mother reach into her purse she remembered that she left her money on the kitchen counter at the house .
one day a little boy had woke up .
he went to go make breakfast .
but it was time to go to school .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoestring had broken .
and then he had tied his shoe and fixed it .
then he was outside .
then his bus had left him .
and then he hadta walk .
and then he was just yelling stop stop .
and then his teacher +...
he had walk to school .
and then his teacher was was outside standing for him at the school .
once upon a time there was two kids that was walking in the park .
and there was three aliens that got off they ship .
they had a pet dog .
and they had a daughter .
they had a mom .
and they had a dad with a lot of briefcases in his hand .
he hadta carry them all the way to they house .
and when they reached their house they took their dog for a walk in the park .
and those two kids the girl she wanted to see the aliens .
and the boy said no that's not a good idea .
and the boy was scared of aliens .
and the other alien that's in the ship was waving bye to his family because they had moved in the city where the people was at .
and they had a pet dog .
he was little and hairy .
and the girl had clothes on .
she had a top and a skirt .
the aliens they had legs that's like octopus's .
and the dad he had on pants that had eight pants legs .
he had on jacket .
he had on a shirt .
and he had on a belt .
the mom had on a skirt with a shirt with a little bitty line across it and that was white .
the ship was finish take off .
and then they was walking off the ship .
and their dad was the last person to get off .
they dad was fat .
and he had two blue cases a red one that had a sleeping bag .
and he had his wife purse .