Lisa and Raymond are brother and sister .
they were going out to eat .
their mother asked them where do you wanna go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not decide between a happy meal and alright .
Lisa's mother and Raymond both knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mother wanted a salad .
Lisa could not decide .
until finally she decided she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that would be twelve fifty .
then their mother remembered she forgot her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
then you asked me what should I do they do next .
once there was a kid named James .
he was in bed sleeping until his alarm clock went off .
he saw that he was accidently late for school .
he forgot that he set it for ten o'clock when he was sposta get to school at nine o'clock .
he hadta hurry up and get downstairs .
poured a glass of milk but he overflowed it .
and his cereal was overflowed with it .
then he hadta redo his cereal and ate it and got dressed as fast as he could .
then when he hadta sit at the busstop his shoelace got broken .
he hadta go back inside get some tape tape it all the way back together .
then the school bus passed .
he ran and ran for it until he finally gotta school .
the teacher was furious at what time it was and how late he had gotten to school .
he told her the whole bare facts .
and then his teacher said well it's not your fault .
guess it was just a bad day .
the end .
that's it .
once there were two kids named Tom and Jamie .
one day they were walking , siting on a bench in the park .
then they heard something behind the bushes .
they went over to see what it was .
it was a family of human hungry aliens .
Jamie wanted to see what they would do .
but you see Tom told Jamie not to go over there .
but Jamie grabbed Tom's hand .
the aliens almost saw them .
but Jamie thought it was a better idea what Tom had .
they went to their parents and told them the bare facts .
they went back but the alien ship was gone .
so then to this day the parents and the kids don't know what went on that day if it was just an illusion or if it was real .