Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go &*INV:mhm out to dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa was still thinking whether whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
I couldn't think of the name .
[ a happy meal and whatever they're called with a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom wanted a Big_Mac with +...
but then I don't think it said what drink .
Lisa had a Doctor_Pepper I think yeah .
and the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and their mom reach for her purse and notice that it wasn't there and remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
that's about the best I can say .
okay .
Josh woke up in the morning for a very bad start .
his alarm clock didn't go off .
and he was already late for school .
he went downstairs to make some cereal for him to eat .
he had applejacks .
and he poured in the cereal too much .
and then he spilled a lot a milk all over .
and then Josh went upstairs to get dressed .
and he couldn't tie his shoe .
and then finally he pulled so hard that the shoelace just came off .
he thought it was gonna be the worst day he ever had .
so he started walking outside and noticed the school bus just left .
and he started chasing after it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and he didn't feel very good about that .
and he walked all the way to school .
and as he came into school his teacher was waiting by the door .
his teacher her name was Ms_postin .
and she was really mad .
and he hadta go get a tardy slip .
obviously that was the worst day of his life .
on tuesday john and Ashley were playing in the park when they heard noises from above .
they ran behind the bush because they didn't know what it was .
all of a sudden this giant ship came down and landed .
out came five things .
one was some kind of alien pet .
one looked like a little sister another the mom another the dad and another the son .
and they all looked really weird .
and each of them had eight little tentacles sticking out where their legs would be and blue or green dots on their forehead .
Ashley was excited .
she tried to run out .
but john grabbed her arm .
don't do it .
she said forget it .
and she ran out .
the people didn't seem to be as nice as they thought they were .
instead they took Ashley and took them back to their planet Saturn .
I can't really think of anything .
the end .