on tuesday afternoon Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mom said that they could go out somewhere .
but I don't know .
and their mother asked them where they wanted to go .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped into the car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
they went into the restaurant .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but her brother and her mother knew what they wanted .
the clerk asked Raymond what he wanted .
and he said he wanted a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate sundae .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa then decided she wanted a happy meal .
and then their mother reached down to take her purse and realized that she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
one day a boy named Matt woke up .
he realized something had fallen on his head .
and it was his alarm clock .
he realized he he was late .
so he went to the breakfast table to start pouring his milk .
when he poured his milk it all started dripping out of the bowl .
then he looked up at the clock and thought I'm late oh no .
then he decided to put on his shoes .
he tried to tie his shoelace when it broke .
now he was frustrated .
then he decided to just run and catch the school bus before he was really late .
so he grabbed his backpack .
and he started to run .
but by the time he reached the school bus had already started .
soon when he reached school tired and unhappy he came walking up the steps when the teacher pointed to to her clock and said you're late .
the end .
one day on a saturday evening a girl named Jasmine and her brother decided to go take a walk in the park .
when they did they found a different path .
the brother and the sister decided to take it .
then they found aliens with lots of feet all coming out from something that looked like a hotel .
there were benches and trees just like anywhere else .
but they didn't look like very nice people .
the sister decided to go and say hi .
but the brother thought this was not a very good idea .
and so but the sister dragged him into it anyway .
the alien +...
but the brother still stayed behind .
the sister took her chances .
she went .
and she said +...
the aliens screamed with horror .
and they ran away .
the brother ran away too because he was scared .
then the girl thought oh well maybe next time .
but then before she left she found a little leg on the floor .
I'm just making this up .
and she took it home .
and her parents said what in the world is this ?
she's like it's an alien leg I found on the floor .
soon their parents went to the path leading to where they had seen the aliens .
and they saw it .
they saw the beautiful spaceship and people coming out of it .
then the spaceship left .
and they never saw it again .
the end .