well the boy and the girl Norman and Lisa came home from school .
and they went up to their room .
and their mom told them that they were gonna to go out .
and she asked them what place did they wanted to go to eat .
and they yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they rushed to the car and hoped in and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds store .
and Norman and their mom made up their minds except Lisa .
and so Lisa made up their mind .
and Norman chose or asked for a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom asked for salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
and she choose a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate cone .
and the catering person said that would be twelve dollars .
and their mother reached for her purse .
and she noticed that it wasn't there .
the end .
one morning bob woke up .
and it was twenty after seven .
and he was running late for school .
and he started pouring a bowl of cereal .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled some milk .
so he started to clean it up .
and then he said I just can't have breakfast this morning .
and he went and got dressed .
he accidentally tore his shoelace .
so he got some tape and taped it .
when he got his backpack and ran to the schoolbus stop he missed the schoolbus .
so he hadta run all the way to school .
her teacher got mad at him because he was late .
she was wondering if he would come I mean .
the end .
one morning David and Lisa went to go play in the park .
they started playing baseball .
and then a martian saucer came down .
and they saw it and dropped their bat and glove and baseball .
and they started running .
David said no Lisa don't go back there .
and they saw the Martians .
the little baby martian was petting the dog .
the father martian said let's camp out here .
the daughter martian that was seventeen said I'll be out in a minute .
she was listening to the Martian boys &=laughs .
then David and Lisa ran back home and told their parents what had happened .
their mom and dad went back with them .
they saw the Martians again .
they went to call the police .
the police came .
and they did not see the Martians no more .
and they said that they would give them off with a warrant for lying to the police .
they said okay .
and David and Lisa got grounded for a month .
the end .