Lisa and Raymond went home .
and their mother asked them where wanted to eat .
at the same time they shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the front +...
and then the Raymond asked for cheeseburger french fries coke and a milkshake .
the mother asked for a salad .
Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
and she said happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
the mother reached for her purse .
and then wasn't there .
there was a boy .
and he was going to school .
when he left he ran home really fast to tell his mother that the next day there would be a play .
and his class would be doing the play .
and he had worked really hard for it .
he fell asleep .
and then when he woke up he saw the time .
it was really really late .
why didn't the alarm wake me up he wondered ?
oh well I don't have time to wonder now .
I hafta go .
so he ran out to the breakfast table .
he poured in cereal .
he poured in way too much .
so he hadta take out a lot .
and then he poured in the milk .
and it spilled all over .
he decided to skip breakfast .
he went to find his clothes .
he thought he had layed them out on the floor the other day .
but they weren't there .
he looked all over for them .
then he gave up .
he went to find some other clothes .
then he went to get his shoes .
then he remembered he had no socks on .
so he went to get his socks .
he couldn't find a a pair that matched .
so he just took two put them on and then put on his shoes .
as he was tying his right shoe the lace broke off .
and the other one fell +...
the lace broke off .
and the other one fell out .
he ran outside and ran to the bus stop .
the bus was leaving already .
so he hadta run to school .
when he got there teacher said you're late .
the play ended an hour ago .
where were you ?
and he explained what happened that morning .
and the teacher said that kind of thing happens all the time .
but next time ask your mother to wake you up if your alarm doesn't go off .
there was a boy and a girl .
and they were at the park .
they were playing soccer .
then the boy kicked the ball really high in the air .
it was high in the air really high above the trees .
and then it fell down far away .
they went to find it .
they didn't find it .
instead they found this big round object .
and they didn't know what it was .
then a door opened .
and some strange creatures came out .
what a wonderful place one of them said .
shall we put down our bags ?
the girl wanted to go out and see what they were .
but the boy said don't .
the girl went out anyway .
and the boy followed her .
the creatures didn't see them .
and they went into the big round object .
and then they heard the creatures coming back in .
they heard the door close .
they couldn't get out .
and they went out .
the girl went out to the creatures .
she wanted to get out .
the creatures saw her .
and the smallest creature ran up to her examined her then ran back to the others .
she said we needta get out .
we got trapped in here .
let us out of here .
the creature said how'd you get in here ?
and they told them what they had done .
and then the creatures let them out .
once they were safe away from the creatures the girl said look what I found .
it's one of their bags .
I took it from them .
let's go show mom and dad .
so they went .
on the way girl lost the bag .
she didn't realize it until she got home and after she had told her parents .
they decided to go back to the park to see the exact spot that it had happened .
they sort of did a replay of what had happened except with their parents this time .
they went +...
so the boy kicked the ball high in the air .
they lost the ball .
and they went to find the ball .
they did find the ball and the other ball but not the creatures .
and they wondered had this really happened or not .
the parents said you must have imagined it .
and the boy and the girl decided that everyday they came to the park they would try and find the creatures again .
but they never found them .