one day when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom asked what would you like for dinner .
and they told her Mcdonalds .
they both said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
then when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't figure out what to order .
but then Raymond would decide that he would have .
can't remember +...
and after he got done his mom ordered salad .
but Lisa finally decided that she would have a happy meal coke and then icecream cone .
it all came down to twelve fifty .
so then their mom reached for the purse .
and she looked .
and her purse wasn't there .
and then she realized that it was siting on her bed at home .
one day a little boy named Johnny was sleeping for school .
but then when his alarm clock rang he was too tired to get up .
the time was clicking .
and he was late .
so then Johnny went to go pour himself some cereal .
but then he made himself some cereal in the kitchen .
but then he was looking somewhere else while he was pouring his cereal .
and he dropped his milk all over the kitchen table .
but then the time was clicking some more .
he started to go put on his shoes and clothes .
but then when he was trying to tie his shoes too fast one of a shoelaces broke off .
Johnny felt really sad .
but then the time that he got his backpack and everything was right he raced to the school bus .
but the school bus was already gone .
it had gone to school already .
then Johnny hadta run to school .
when he gotta school she said Johnny you're late .
go get a late slip .
because she was principal .
that was the office that he was going in to get his late slip .
then he went to go get his late slip .
and he went to class .
the end .
one day a boy named David and a girl named Lisa went to the park .
they played and played in the forest everywhere they could .
but then they stopped by some trees .
then David stopped by some trees .
because David saw a airplane .
and didn't know what the airplane was what it was carrying or anything .
then Lisa asked David if we should go open it .
but then before David could say no the door opened slowly .
something came out .
and David didn't know what it was .
but Lisa knew exactly what it was .
she told him they were Martians aliens whatever she could .
but David didn't know if Lisa was right .
then the whole family came out .
even there was a dog .
and then Lisa went out to see the Martians or whatever they were .
and David pulled her back and said no no .
but she didn't listen .
then there was a mom of the martian family a dad of the martian family a little girl and a dog .
they all met .
and they started getting along .
then they hadta go back home .
and Lisa and David didn't know what to do .
so Lisa asked that they can come with us if she can go with them .
and David's like uhuh .
we gotta go back home .
mom would be mad .
and Lisa said I don't care .
but the martian family said uhuh .
you're mom cares too much about you guys .
you should stay .
because your mom would be totally worried .
so they got back in the airplane .
and they all said goodbye .
the airplane door closed very slowly .
and it blasted off back to where the Martians came from .
Lisa was tired .
so she wanted to go back home .
David was scared .
because he didn't know what they were .
then as soon as they got home their mom asked where were you guys at ?
and David said we had a great adventure .
a better one that we ever had .
so then the mom asked what was it .
and David and Lisa told all about it .
then they got a good night sleep for the next day at the park .
the end .
I'll try .
and when they went to sleep they both had dreams about the Martians .
they wished that they were where the Martians were .
and they had good dreams and bad dreams about them .
that's all I can think of .