sorry I don't remember the names .
okay when the mother asked her children where they wanted to eat they both yelled together Mcdonalds .
so she drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
the son wanted cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
the the daughter wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone .
their mother ordered a salad .
when she told the clerk he said that would be twelve dollars .
when the mom put her hand in her pocket her wallet was gone .
nine xxx .
I'm stuck .
I guess so .
no .
the alarm had been ringing for an hour .
finally Jake woke up and looking at the clock he saw that he was late for school .
quickly he got out of bed and ran into the kitchen to make breakfast .
after he ate breakfast he put on his clothes getting ready to tie his shoes .
when he started tying his shoes they poped one was unlie .
by the time he got it back on the school bus had already left .
when he came to school late the teacher asked him why he was so late .
he told her what happened .
and she gave him a homework pass for being so honest .
one day mark and Morgan went to the park .
they were playing just fine until they saw a shadow of a +...
it came closer and closer .
and they realized it was a ship .
quick mark pulled Morgan right into the bushes .
a second after that four or five aliens poped right out of the ship .
they couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the the aliens playing in the park like humans .
mark tried to hold back as Morgan pulled him out of the bushes to say hi to the aliens .
but the aliens didn't like them .
as though they thought they didn't .
they really just tried to say hello .
but they ran away before the aliens could say anything .
then they told their parents what had happened at the park .
their mother didn't believe a word .
but they decided to go back to the park .
when they went back to the park all they saw was a regular family coming off of a plane from the airport .
and still they think that day was that family really human or were they also aliens .
the end .