when they got home their their mom said where do you wanna go out tonight ?
they they both said Mcdonalds .
and then then they went went to Mcdonalds .
and then the girl ordered a <> cheeseburger with fries and a large chocolate milkshake .
and the other kid ordered a happy meal .
and then they forgot that she left her money on on the kitchen counter .
first this is <> when he wakes up .
and then the next one is when he spills his milk .
and then <> this one is when he misses the bus .
and then there's that one .
<> once there there was people going to the park a mom and a dad .
and then this weird ship just landed in there .
<> why was people coming out with a dog .
there were aliens .
and the dad was scared of the aliens .
and the mom wasn't .
and and the pilot waved at them .
and then there's a weird looking dog .
<> and there was a kid and a mom and a dad that had <> eight legs .
they were at the park .
the aliens got off their alien ship to the park .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there her brother ordered a cheeseburger and a supersized banana milkshake .
and her mom ordered a salad .
then then she ordered a Big_Mac happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
but <> then her mother forgot the money .
one day this boy woke up .
and he was late for school .
he was rushing through his breakfast spilling the milk everywhere .
then then he was trying to to get his shoe on .
and then he broke one of the laces .
then he missed the bus .
he hadta run to school .
and then his teacher said he's late .
one day this boy and this girl were walking through the woods .
then they saw something xxx .
then they hide in the bushes .
they saw a u_f_o with lots of aliens coming down from it .
and then the girl ran to go see them .
but the boy tried to pull her back .
but she she didn't stop .
then then when she got there the aliens saw her .
then they took her back up into space .
and she was never seen again .
mom said we are going out for dinner .
what would you guys like .
we +...
what was the other question ?
Lisa and George .
George ?
both screamed Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
the Mcdonalds's guy says hi what would you like .
Lisa was thinking a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
George wanted a a Big_Mac a vanilla shake and fries .
the mom wanted salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind and said a happy meal with a chocolate milkshake with a a fries with a chocolate icecream cone .
the guy said it shall be twelve ninety five .
mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered she <> left it at home .
what should they do .
George the bully woke up from bed late .
so he ran to the kitchen to make a fast bowl of cereal .
but he forgot to wear underpants .
so he went back up to his room .
he hadta get dressed .
his shoelace fell off .
so he couldn't tie his shoe .
so he tried to put it back on .
but it didn't work .
the schoolbus passed .
he was late for school .
so he hadta run and run for sixty miles because that is how <> long the school is .
when he got there the teacher goes you're late .
you get f@ls on everything .
then he goes ooh man .
the end .
it was a pickleness me and my little sister Jiminey_cricket +...
Johnny you hafta retell my story .
Suzy was with me we were at the picnic <> table .
and then a spaceship flew down .
space aliens came out of it .
Suzy wanted to go out .
but I wouldn't let her .
so then I decided to let her .
then the alien family saw her and ate her .
then they go yum picnic is ready .
they ate her like a pg .
the end .
one time the mother was thinking that why don't they take their children out <> for dinner .
and they said yeah okay .
so then after that their mother went inside their room and asked them what do you wanna eat ?
and they cried out Mcdonalds Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then after that the mother just grabbed her car keys and then got out of the house and then get in her car and started driving .
and then by the time they gotta Mcdonalds the brother wanted a cheeseburger Happy_Meal a soda and a small vanilla <> milkshake .
and the sister ordered a Big_Mac a chocolate cone .
and maybe the mother ordered a large burger with <> fries and a large soda .
and by the time the mother wanted to reach in her wallet there was no money .
so she left her money on the kitchen counter .
this story is about a boy that hadta rush to school .
all right this story is about a boy who is sleeping and sleeping and sleeping .
he didn't even hear his clock ringing .
he's like oh my gosh !
I gotta hurry up .
so his bed wasn't made .
he was late for school .
so then after that he hadta get breakfast .
he was worried he couldn't even do anything right .
all he was thinking is about school , school , school .
he poured the milk .
so he <> poured the milk so much that lots of milk spilled out of his bowl .
he was in a rush .
he was looking at the clock instead of paying attention at the milk .
and he hadta clean up that mess and put some cereal eat real fast .
and then after that when he was done he hadta get on his clothes .
he hadta get on his pants .
and he hadta do all that .
he hadta get his bookbag ready .
he hadta get all this stuff ready .
and then when he was tying his shoes his shoelaces went crack and ripped off .
and he was all upset .
he was very late .
he hadta get another pair of shoes from this room .
and then by the time he was finished he hadta get his bookbag .
he hadta run outside .
and <> there goes the bus .
the bus <> leaves him .
so all the sudden the bus leaves .
and he says hey wait !
wait for me .
you forgot me .
and then after that when they don't hear him the bus leaves so fast that he can't even catch up to the bus .
so after that he hadta walk and walk and walk and walk .
and by the time he gotta his school the teacher was very mad , angry he he was late for big effort .
and he was in big trouble .
so the teacher hadta call his mom .
and the mom was very upset because of him being late .
and the teacher said look at the time !
and he was like : !
and that's it .
this is a story about aliens invading the world .
after that there was an alien ship coming down .
there was two people watching it , scared , thinking that whatever it is it had alien words that no one ever knew .
so after that alien ship arrived there was aliens inside that ship .
and that ship was very scary .
and they didn't know what it was .
so after that they saw <> people that had eight legs a woman dressed up , a man dressed up , and a girl dressed up .
and they said +...
oh_man what are these creatures ? [+ bch]
Jordan said oh_man .
we better get out of here .
then after Jordan said get out of here Sabria said no .
I wanna see them .
I wanna see their dog .
and Jordan said let's get out of here .
they're gonna invade us or they're gonna get us .
and Sabria said no .
I'm gonna see them .
I wanna say hi .
and Jordan is like no no .
let's go back home .
so after that they didn't go home .
and then Sabria went out of the bushes .
and then all of those aliens saw them .
and he was very worried that she was gonna get hurt .
so once she went to them the aliens were gonna get her .
so she ran and ran .
and they went home .
and they ran to their house .
and Jordan and Sabria said dad mom look !
we found aliens .
yeah I can believe you .
here we can even prove !
so parents followed the children Jordan and Sabria .
and by the time those aliens went back on the ship Jordan and Sabria didn't make it back on time .
and the aliens left .
and that's the end of my story .
when their mother came back home she asked we're gonna go out to eat .
and then she said where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they all drove to Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there they waited in line .
and Lisa wouldn't know <> what she could have .
and then when they get to the counter Lisa realized what she wanted .
Tommy wanted a I think it was a vanilla milkshake , fries , and a Big_Mac .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a Happy_Meal , <> I mean chocolate cone , and fries .
it cost her twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when she opened her purse there was nothing in there .
she realized it was left <> on the counter .
what should they do ?
there was this boy named Billy .
he was just woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
and then as soon as he gotta breakfast he tried to make a bowl of cereal .
it looked like eight thirty .
and then when he got a shirt on and all his shoelace were ripped in a hole in them .
the holes in his pants his laces got through them .
as soon as he took them out and tied his shoes he went to the school bus .
and then the school bus left without him .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and then a lady looked like she was angry at the boy .
and then he walked forward to his class .
there was a boy named john Mccall and a girl and john Mccalls sister , Mckaily .
they were walking in the park .
so they would take a picnic without their family .
and then when they gotta the picnic area a strange ship came .
when the doors opened it had an alien family with a alien dog .
when they walked over and found them the boy got not excited .
but the girl got too excited to meet them .
so the girl hold him and try to run back .
but the boy push back .
but they never gotta meet them .
and the aliens looked like they were moving in to earth .
except they don't like to meet anybody else .
that's the end .
okay I don't remember the girl's name though .
so can I just say the girl ?
or the kids .
okay .
these kids their mom asked where they wanted to go out to eat after school .
and they said +...
where do you wanna +...
and they said Mcdonalds .
actually they said at the same time Mcdonalds .
and then they drove there to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Ronald ordered +...
ray I mean Raymond .
Raymond ordered a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake .
and coke I think .
and then the little girl she couldn't decide for a while .
then she decided she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone icecream and a coke .
and the problem was that their mom +...
and the cash register person said it would be twelve dollars .
and her mom reached into the purse .
but nothing was there .
and so they they couldn't buy the food .
okay .
this guy named Zack .
he woke up in the morning .
and he was probably running late for school .
and then he tried to his +...
he was looking at the clock .
and he tried to pour his cereal .
and then he spilled his milk and cereal .
and I think he tried to tie his shoe when he was about ready .
and it broke .
shoelace broke .
and he was running for the bus .
but it was too late .
and then the teacher or the principal saw him .
and asked why was he late .
and he said I've had a bad day .
and all that stuff .
okay .
these two friends named Daniel and Emma were walking in the park .
and then they saw this ship coming down .
and then they hid in the bushes .
and then they saw these aliens coming out .
and Emma wanted to go meet them .
but Daniel said that's not a very good idea .
so Emma went +...
but Daniel +...
and Emma grabbed his hand .
so they went to go meet them .
at first they didn't talk .
but then they started talking .
they were smiling and being really nice .
and they had a pet dog named I don't know .
named Zen .
and their daughter daughter lilo .
and they started talking and playing .
and Daniel felt more comfortable about being around them after a while .
and that's all .
[<] .
yeah .
and then they hadta leave .
and they waved goodbye .
the end .
when the kids got home the mother said hey kids !
we're gonna go <> to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and both of the kids looked at each other .
and they said Mcdonalds !
okay .
so the mother got them into the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa wasn't sure to get a Big_Mac or a Happy_Meal .
so when they went to the clerk the boy said I'll have a cheeseburger , some fries , and something like that .
and the mother I don't remember what she +/.
and Lisa said I'll have some fries , a Happy_Meal , and a coke .
so the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
so then mother reached into her purse to get out her wallet .
but she realized that she left her wallet at home on the kitchen table or was it her purse whatever .
one day Alexander woke up <> out of bed late because his alarm <> clock was broken .
so he didn't really get much breakfast .
which wasn't a help at all .
he was very frustrated because he was always getting late .
for instance his <> shoelace ripping off .
so that made him so late that he ended up missing his bus .
and when he gotta the school the principal says your late mister .
I know .
the bus driver drove away just when I was getting to the bus .
okay substitute bus driver doesn't really know that much [% child laughs] .
the end .
one day this parents said you know you kids are just <> couch potatos .
you needta get outside and rejoin the world .
you never know what amazing things lie within the world .
Lisa said yeah I bet outside of the world that's more interesting .
so their parents sent Lisa and John out on an adventure .
when they were very hungry they were gonna try to get some blueberries .
so when they were looking for some they saw a ship land .
oh yay !
now we can find some new land to live on instead of that destroyed planet .
Lisa wanted to go meet them because they never saw them before .
and she wanted to give them a nice greeting .
but brother tried to stop her .
but she went anyway .
she said hi .
hello .
I thought you said this planet was deserted ?
I thought it was .
oh .
hey get away .
you never know if they have any secret powers within them .
so they said no we don't .
but we wish we do .
oh well .
if there's other things we don't wanna take up other people's space .
so they all went back in the spaceship and left .
so the brother and the sister quickly ran home , told their mom and dad , and led them to the same place .
but when they got back there the aliens were already outside of the atmosphere .
but something dropped from their spaceship .
it was a little gold coin with chinese written upon it .
which it really was a seal of their planet which was destroyed .
the end .
and that was their only proof .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom told them to get in the car .
and they drove at Mcdonalds .
and they ordered +...
salad and kidsmeal .
and her mom left her wallet in the kitchen .
the <> kid woke up late .
and he spilled his milk .
and when he was tying his shoe <> his shoelace broke .
and when he went outside schoolbus left him .
and he was late .
the boy and the girl was having park .
and spaceship came down .
and they saw aliens getting off the spaceship .
and they had a <> alien dog .
and they thought they was moving that <> the country .
the girl wanted to go <> pet the dog .
and the boy didn't want her to .
the mom asked where do you guys wanna go ?
and they both named Mcdonalds .
so the mom took them there .
and Lisa know what she wanted a Big_Mac or a other little hamburger .
and the boy he he picked hamburger french fries and a milkshake chocolate one .
and the mom ordered hamburger pop and french fries .
and the girl Lisa ordered french fries pop hamburger and milkshake .
what's that one kind I said ?
I don't either .
then the guy said it would be twelve ninety nine .
and the mom <> reached down .
and her purse wasn't there .
instead she remembered where she put it .
it was at home on her desk .
counter I mean counter .
what's his name though ?
a boy woke up .
and out of bed .
and he looked at his clock .
and it was late .
so yeah some cereal .
and he dropped some milk all over the ground because he wasn't even looking at it .
then he put on his shoes .
and his shoestring ripped .
and then he he got out of his house and missed the bus .
and then he was late to class .
and the teacher was pointing at her time .
I don't know where to start .
the beginning of the book .
you always give me the hard ones .
I don't know .
.
<> aliens come down .
can you think of anything else [>] ?
[>] hi .
and they have eight legs !
there's a girl indian mom indian and a dad indian .
and two two normal people .
and the the girl she went to go say hi .
but the boy normal one didn't let her pulled her back said stop .
and the indians had a dog .
.
they wanted Mcdonald .
and they drive to the Mcdonald .
and the girl don't know what she want .
and the boy said I have milkshake and coke and Big_Mac and sandwich .
and mother got a salad .
and the girl said Kid_Meal and coke and milkshake .
and the man said give me twelve dollar .
and the mother said she forgot her money on her chicken table .
and and he went home .
the clock rang .
and the boy got up .
and the boy was making a cereal .
and then he was looking at the clock .
and the boy pour in the bowl .
and he made a mess .
and the boy tie his shoes .
and the string broke .
and when he got outside +...
and he was late for his bus .
then the boy walk to school .
and the teacher said you're late .
the boy said no don't go .
it probably be dangerous .
then the alien walk outside .
and the boy said it might be dangerous .
they might get you .
and um um +/.
and the alien is out of the spaceship .
and alien are waving .
they're all family gether@c .
<> and that's a mother alien a children alien a father alien and a dog alien .
the alien see lots of tree .
and they say wow it's a nice place .
and that's it .
okay .
well their mom picked them up and went home and said what should we eat ?
<> we're gonna out to dinner .
so where should we go ?
and they say Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they jump into the car .
and they drive to Mcdonalds .
but when they came inside they didn't know what to eat .
so the boy ordered a Big_Mac with a vanilla milkshake .
and the girl ordered happy meal with with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then it was twelve dollars .
and she looked in her purse .
but there was no money in it .
what it was she didn't have her purse .
and she forgot that she left her purse inside the house .
so then that's all .
frank I complete the story like by saying that he like woke up .
well one day a kid woke up .
and he got really tired .
and his clock rang and rang .
so then he got up .
and he went down to +...
well first it looks like he's having a really bad day .
and then he goes to have breakfast .
and the milk spills gets all over the place .
and his mom told him to clean them up .
so when he was done cleaning up he went to go change .
and he found his shoes .
and one of his strings broke .
so then he just left .
he said no oh well .
so then he just tied his shoes still .
<> and he went to his bus .
and his bus left .
he was late .
and then he ran and ran until he got +...
and then he tried to chase the bus .
but the bus like was too fast .
so then he got tired .
he stopped for a little bit and then went to school .
and his teacher walked outside and said that you were too late .
and he goes I'm sorry Miss_rich .
I'm having a really bad day .
and she goes well you still hafta make it on time .
and he goes okay .
so then he goes to school .
okay .
well once upon a time there was a boy named Richard and a girl named Susan that were walking to a fair when they saw a big ship coming down .
the boy said what can that be ?
the girl said what could that be .
and the boy said it kinda looks like my toy ship .
and so he's all scared .
and then right when the door opens the girl says oh cool .
and she wants her to walk over there to see this <> sorta aliens .
and he says no no no .
they go home .
and they go home .
and they tell their parents that we saw aliens .
and now this time the mom says it's pretty hard to believe .
but then the mom comes with them .
and they do see the aliens having a picnic .
so then the boy still is kinda scared .
but the mom thinks it's kinda cool too .
so the daughter and the mom go over there and say hi .
and then the aliens say do you wanna join us with our picnic .
and they say sure .
and then they say we have one more person .
and so went and they say well let him come over here .
so they went over there .
and they say are you the one that kept us in that room the whole time because he had a toy exactly like that .
and they must have like made their ship bigger .
and they came out .
like when they were done with the picnic they played around with their <> alien dog threw a frisbee .
and then the aliens left .
and then they said come back later and visit .
and they said okay .
and then they went off .
and then they went home .
hm: I guess it was one tuesday I guess that's what you said ? [+ bch]
one tuesday gosh I forgot +...
they asked their mom if they want eat it at Mcdonalds .
and when they got there they ordered .
and the mom forgot the money at home on the kitchen table .
that's all I remember .
one morning this boy woke up got out of his bed .
he went to the kitchen poured him some milk for breakfast breakfast .
and he done spilled the milk .
and he was going to tie his shoes for school .
and the strung broke .
and he was going to catch the bus .
but he done missed the bus .
and the bus was already going to school .
and he walked on to school .
and the teacher was standing right there at the door .
and he walked in the school .
this girl and this boy were walking to the woods .
saw this flying saucer .
it landed in the woods .
I think it was a <> brother alien a <> dad alien a mom alien and a brother alien and a dog .
they went to the walk into +...
and they saw these aliens .
and they were moving .
they parked the flying saucer .
and they were moving into the woods .
and so they can eat .
and the girl wanted to go talk to them .
but the boy stopped her .
she said I wanna go talk to them .
the boy said no .
and he grabbed her by the +...
and she <> grabbed him by the hand and tried to pull him over there so he can see them .
that's all I can remember .
Raymond and his sister they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom asked them where do you wanna go out to eat <> today ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they got into the van .
and their mom took them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and and the girl she couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then they both know what they want .
so they xxx go to the counter .
and the boy ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and mom ordered a salad .
and then she made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal and a icecream cone and a coke .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and then the mom forgot her purse in the kitchen <> counter at the house .
a guy got up .
and it looks like his alarm clock didn't go off or wake him up in time .
so he rushed to get xxx and started looking at the clock .
and he started to overflow his cereal .
and when he went to get dressed and get his shoes on his shoestring snapped .
and then when he got outside he looked ready and stuff he missed the bus .
and when he when he finally gotta school the teacher said you're late .
so xxx .
so he tried explaining to her what happened .
and then she just told him to take his seat .
a boy and girl were walking on a trail and walking on a trail that they had known for a long time .
and they were walking on it .
and the girl Chelsea she saw these creatures that they'd never seen before .
and and the boy Thomas he's been on this trail hundreds of times .
and he's never seen these xxx people .
Chelsea she went to run and meet them .
and Thomas was holding her back .
so she wouldn't .
the people that they saw were aliens .
were going for a picnic .
and the girl Chelsea .
and she went and greeted the aliens .
and they sat down and had lunch together .
and then Thomas and Chelsea went back to their parent's house and said you know that trail that we've always been on before ?
that xxx .
and they said yep .
and xxx said yeah .
and they said they saw aliens .
so they took them back to the trail .
and they were gone .
Raymond and Lisa was at school .
and then their mom came to pick them up .
and when they got home the mother asked where do you wanna go eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the mom went to Mcdonalds with the kids .
and the mom ordered a salad .
the Raymond +/.
the boy got a cheeseburger a vanilla shake .
and the girl Lisa she got a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the cashier said that will be twelve dollars .
when the mom went to reach for her purse it wasn't there .
and she realized she left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named jack .
and it was time for school .
he wasn't ready .
and he went to get breakfast .
but he was having a bad day .
he poured the milk all over the table .
then he went to get dressed .
but one of his <> shoelaces snapped .
he headed for the bus .
but the bus left without him .
then he walked to school .
his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
once there was a spaceship .
and it was in the sky when people looked up because they thought it was an airplane .
but only it wasn't landed right like the forest .
and they were aliens coming out of it .
and girl Michelle wanted to say hi .
but her brothers said it was a bad idea .
but she went and did it anyway .
and the aliens didn't know who they were .
so they ran back into the spaceship .
and they went home .
mom asked where do you wanna go to eat ?
and the children both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car .
and mom <> drove to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa wanted a Happy_Meal and a drink .
and her brother wanted a milkshake , a cheeseburger , and french fries .
and mom wanted a salad .
but when they realized how much it cost mom forgot her purse at home .
the boy woke up late this morning and got out of bed and started to get dressed as fast as he can .
and after he got out of bed he went to go eat breakfast fast .
and then after breakfast he got dressed .
and after that he tried to catch up with the school bus .
but it was just leaving .
and he tried .
and he just hadta walk to school .
and then when he showed up at school the principal was showing him that he is late .
once there were two children who went to the park and saw aliens coming out of the ship .
Lisa thought it could be friends .
so she grabbed David and said come on David .
let's go see who they are .
but David didn't wanna go .
he thought it was dangerous .
and one of the monsters was waving .
and Ashley wanted to wave back to one of them .
and and they look like they are going to stay said David .
but but I don't wanna go anyway .
so they ran back to their mom and dad and told them about the aliens who were coming to earth .
they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
tonight .
and the kids yell Mcdonalds .
and she went to Mcdonalds .
and she picked food for dinner .
and and it cost twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and is nothing in her pocket .
she she go in the car drive home and get some money .
and go back to Mcdonalds and pay for it .
she pick a coke vanilla chocolate chicken Burger_King french fries salad .
the boy wake up .
and the bell ring .
and he's got late .
and he hasta eat breakfast so fast .
then he gotta get clothes up tie his shoe .
the pieces broke off .
then he turned to go to the bus .
and he missed it .
and he couldn't go to school .
and <> the boy wants to walk to school .
and the teacher say you are late because he had no much time .
and then he go to class and do his homework .
say he go in late .
don't have much time .
he go to school .
and he go to class .
that's so can name .
it looked like a octopus .
the family went on the ship .
and they go to the park .
and these boys and girls saw it .
and the boys don't like it .
and the girls like it .
maybe the boys don't like it .
and the little girl octopus maybe she had a dog .
and they turn .
they go home or go somewhere out in the woods sit down to eat .
octopus ?
face eyeball mouth ugly .
they say goodbye to them .
smiling happy excited .
no .
boys and girlfriend .
or are they sister ?
the girl grabbed his <> hands .
and the girls like it .
and the boys don't like it .
I guess they like it .
I guess they scared .
and they wanna go tell parents .
bridges dog ship .
I I forgot how it go .
they wanna go out with their mother .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
and then she said okay .
but then suddenly she forgot her purse .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they ordered the food .
and then suddenly her mother about her purse .
and it was left on the kitchen table .
okay the story is called The_Boy_That_Had_Very No_Good_Very_Bad_Day .
the boy woke up .
and he found out the clock was going fast .
and he was late for school .
and the schoolbus would be there any minute .
so then he made breakfast .
but then he looked at the time .
and then the milk spilled .
then he was trying to tie his shoelace .
but then one of the shoelaces broke off .
and then the boy ran to the schoolbus .
but then it just drove away .
then a teacher came out and say you're late for school .
and then the boy was really sad .
okay the story is called The_Aliens_Who_Land_On_The_Planet_Earth .
there is a boy and a girl .
and they are walking around to go to the park .
when suddenly they hide in the bush .
and then the boy saw some aliens coming off the spaceship .
and then the girl walked in .
she said there really are aliens .
they're landing to have a picnic soon .
when they were taking a peek they saw the aliens .
and they were trying to see what was going on .
then the alien dog was barking .
then both of them ran home and told their parents .
and then suddenly they looked back .
and then the spaceship was gone .
do they think it was imagination or what ?
[<] .
before they went on their spaceship and it was gone .
they packed all their things .
and they were full .
they went back home to tell the stories to everybody they know .
on tuesday &*INV:uhhuh Lisa's mom wanted to go out to dinner and asked the children <> what they wanted .
they yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and mom and I forgot his name .
it cost twelve dollars and something cents .
and the mom left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
so they couldn't buy anything .
no .
the boy ordered a cheeseburger <> fries and coke .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with fries and sprite or something .
and the mom ordered I think a Big_Mac .
I don't know .
once a boy named jack was late for <> slept in early .
and he was too tired to pour his milk without looking .
and he too tired to to tie his shoelace .
so it broke .
and when he got ready the schoolbus got back in house and waited for him .
then when he got out the door the schoolbus drove off .
then he walked to school .
and when he got there the principal said you're late .
and he said I know .
I slept in .
once a girl and a boy named jack and Sarah went for a walk in the park .
they had a picnic at a picnic table .
and then after they ate Sarah wanted to go go walk and explore .
when when they were exploring they saw a spaceship .
and the people were coming out of the spaceship .
there was a little alien dog little girl alien a mom alien dad alien and a boy alien coming to live here with some people .
when they saw it Sarah wanted to go and meet meet them .
but [% whispers] I think he was jack .
jack he went and got her because they might be mean .
but he let go of her .
and he just went off .
and they weren't mean .
they were nice .
the boy and the girl they went Mcdonalds .
when they get out of the car the momma went to xxx .
and the momma get them out of school .
and the boy want chocolate milk hamburger .
and then +...
he opened xxx .
and then the girl went xxx hamburger and icecream .
how about the momma ?
<> she got twenty five cents .
the momma lost her purse and left it in the home in the kitchen .
the boy was sleeping .
the clock rang .
and the boy went .
the boy get on the xxx .
the boy was raising milk .
and he +...
it time to go .
the milk spilt on on the floor .
and the boy was pull the tie .
and then the tie rip .
the boy was +...
the bus gone .
and the boy late .
the teacher said that he late .
the boy he very sad .
this one ?
the mom and dad and just xxx had listened to them .
and then boy scared .
and the girl was playing with them .
and then the mom and the dad and this one they were octopus .
and the other mom .
the boy said don't go .
he said wait .
he said they they +...
that the dad went take all the suitcase .
then go <> pick them up .
the dad and the mom and sister and the boy the dog were all xxx to somebody's house .
and then the momma and the other momma said bye .
the girl was at picnic table .
and the dad and the mommy said hi .
and the the mom and the dad and the sister and the dog got everywhere .
and then the boy was yelling .
and the girl was smiling .
she go outside .
the end .
Lisa and Robert came in the door .
and her mother said wanna go out to eat ?
and then her mother said where do you wanna go ?
and Robert and Lisa said Mcdonalds !
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Robert ordered a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a Happy_Meal with a coke and a icecream cone .
and the clerk said <> that will be twelve fifty .
and the mother said I don't have the money .
there once was a boy named Robert .
he woke up .
and he said I'm late .
and then on the next picture he was looking at the clock and not paying attention where he was pouring the milk .
so he poured it into the bowl .
but it all splashed out .
and then he was trying to tie his shoe because he was in a rush before the bus would leave .
and he broke a lace so he was mad and miserable .
and then when he was done tying it the bus left already .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and then Robert came in late .
and the teacher said Robert you're late .
there once was a boy and a girl named Samantha and Danny .
and they're just running around .
and they saw these kind of aliens .
and one one <> was a little girl .
and the little girl had a dog .
and and they all looked aliked [: alike] [* m:+ed] .
and when Danny saw them he was frightened .
because they just got out of the car .
and they were aliens .
so they just started playing tag again .
well there was Lisa , Raymond , and their mother .
and their mother said where do you guys wanna go out to eat ?
and Raymond and Lisa shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide <> what she wanted .
Raymond and the mother remembered .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger , vanilla shake , and some french fries .
the mother ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a <> Happy_Meal , a chocolate shake , and a chocolate icecream cone .
when the mother went to reach for her purse she realized it wasn't there .
and then you asked me what should they do ?
and I said they should go back and get the purse .
then they should go .
and then then they should come back , hop in the car , and drive them back to Mcdonalds and buy the lunch , order it again , make the man write it down , and order it , pick a table and eat .
there was a boy .
can I name the boy ? [+ bch]
there was a boy named Sam .
when Sam woke up one morning he realized that he was late for school .
he hurried up and tried to get breakfast but he spilled the milk all over .
when he tried to <> tie his shoe the lace broke and hit him on the leg .
when he tried to catch the bus <> it was too late .
the bus already left .
so he walked to school .
and the teacher , miss lane , told him that he was not on time .
and he was too late .
but he had told her what happened this morning .
and she felt sorry .
and she said don't be late again .
and she decided not to mark her on the record .
since he told the truth and told her what happened .
the end .
Sara and mark went to the park one day .
when they got there they saw a mysterious <> spaceship .
they thought it was a ride .
but when they saw what had <> came out of the spaceship , Sara thought it was cool .
but mark didn't like it at all .
mark said no please .
don't make me go there .
so she <> grabbed him by his arm and pulled him over .
when she really saw that they were real she realized that there was some kind of weird monsters invading the park .
when they looked at the spaceship they saw a weird sign .
Michelle took a paper out of mark's pocket and a pencil she had saved from schools the other day .
and she wrote down the sign .
it was Sara's <> sign .
the spaceship closed up .
and the aliens had a picnic .
spaceship took off and left .
but Michelle and mark ran to the library to figure out what the sign meant .
they went to the library .
and they they found a book of signs and mysterious writings .
they finally found the signs .
what what she read was Ladge .
she couldn't read it but she knew mark's father knows the language lad .
so she took her library card out .
she borrowed the book .
she went to mark's father's house .
so they went there .
and mark asked do you know what this says ?
his father said yes I do .
he said that it meant something about aliens coming to earth .
and they were gonna invade the earth .
Sara and and mark <> grabbed the book and ran right out the door .
they went back to the park .
and they saw the aliens eating their food and packing .
and they left .
after that they packed up and left in the woods .
Sara and mark followed them .
mark said it was a very bad idea to go follow them .
but Michelle didn't care .
she grabbed him by his wrist again and pulled him through the park that went through the woods and trees and forest .
the little dog looked behind once .
but they hid behind trees .
the dog couldn't see them .
the dog heard it .
but none of the aliens did .
the aliens didn't have ears or noses .
the aliens just took off .
and then went farther into the woods .
mark kept on saying I'm not allowed to go any farther past the bushes .
she said okay .
then then I want you to wait here by the bushes for me real fast .
so she went in and followed them .
and the trail led to a mysterious house made out of sticks , leaves , rocks , any kind of wood , metal , and ice .
the house was mysterious .
Michelle knocked on the door twice .
she felt a cold chill .
mark was worried .
he thought she she had got lost .
so he went and followed her .
he saw her footprints on the ground so he followed them too .
then he saw Michelle .
he screamed Michelle !
don't go in !
Michelle didn't care .
she turned around .
she thought she heard something else besides mark .
she went back .
she turned around and said mark did you hear that ?
he said no .
it sounded like somebody was eating something .
they peaked through the window made out of ice .
they saw the aliens were eating a strange kind of animal .
they thought it was the dog .
but <> then they saw the dog under the table .
they went back in the library once more .
they returned the book .
and they got out a new book with <> strange and mysterious animals .
they found one in it that said anteaters .
it said anteaters .
then when they came back the aliens were done with the anteaters .
and they put the anteaters by the window sill .
mark ran back through the forest to the park and laid down on the ground .
he almost passed out .
Michelle looked inside .
she thought it was cool .
she broke the ice with a rock she found from the house .
she took an anteater home to prove that there were aliens .
and one of the alien's little dots on the testicles fell off onto the anteater .
and she showed the the father .
but their mother was the scientist .
so they showed it to the mother .
and the mother studied it .
and the mother found out that they were really aliens .
so the mother and father went out with mark and and Michelle .
and they went back to the house .
they looked in the window .
they they tried to look for the house but the house was gone !
when they went back to the park the spaceship was gone like nothing had ever happened .
but there was only one sign .
they saw one of the dog's feathers of the tail got chopped off .
I think when they were <> chopping one of the anteaters inside , I think by accident chopped a feather of the dog .
the family picked up the feather .
and give it to the mom .
the mom went and studied it .
and found out that it was an large anteater .
anteater anteater eats alien's testicles .
so when they studied it the mother found out they were really aliens .
and then the mother went back to the park .
they saw a new spaceship they had <> put in the in the park .
they went inside .
it was a ride .
that day mark and Michelle were confused .
they didn't know if it was some people dressed up in costumes playing an act at the park , somebody doing script , or was it for real ?
the end .
okay when the kids got home from school their mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
and their mom said where do you wanna go .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they both jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and then the boy ordered a Big_Mac a french fries and a vanilla frosty .
and then the girl said I don't know what I want yet .
and then she figured it out .
and she she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate frosty .
and the mom wanted a salad .
then the the Mcdonalds man said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the counter .
on a wednesday morning Tommy woke up .
and he got some cereal .
he poured the milk and dropped it all over the counter .
and he looked at the time .
then he got ready .
and he <> was tying his shoe .
and his lace broke .
and after that he went out the door to go to the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
and then he walked to school .
and his teacher said where were you ?
and he said I missed the bus .
and it was a bad day for him .
one sunday morning Tommy and Jamie were walking .
and Tommy said stop .
but the girl didn't wanna .
Jamie she wanted to go .
and it was like a alien island .
<> and all the aliens were getting off a ship .
and then Jamie she wanted to go see the aliens .
but Tommy said no you hafta stop .
so she pulled Tommy with her .
and she was saying come on Tommy .
and then Tommy said no I don't wanna .
and then Jamie decided to go by herself .
and she talked to them .
and they said hello .
and it was a mom a dad that was just getting off .
and they had a little boy .
and they had a dog .
and his name was bobby .
on tuesday they went out to eat to Mcdonalds because their mom asked where they wanna go out to eat .
and they <> yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went in the car and then the children said new what um +...
Raymond knew what he wanted .
but Lisa didn't .
Lisa finally found out what she wanted .
and this is what Raymond wanted .
he wanted a chocolate milkshake with coke with a cheeseburger .
and the mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a kidsmeal with a icecream sundae that was chocolate with a coke .
and then the cashier said it would be twelve ninety five .
but the mom looked for her purse .
but she couldn't find it .
so she remembered where it was .
and it was at home on the counter .
one <> morning a boy well +...
what's his name in the story ?
okay .
Todd woke up .
and he saw he was late for school .
well he woke up late .
and then he went in the kitchen .
and he poured his cereal .
and he was pouring his milk .
he made a big splash .
and he was about to be late for school .
he was tying his shoes .
and the string for his shoelace broke .
then he was out the door and he was .
and the school bus was already going down the road .
then he was late for school .
his teacher told him he was really late for school .
hm:: .
he um I don't know +...
no .
one day +...
could I make up the ? [+ bch]
okay .
one day Jorge and Mariah were looking for an alien .
then <> this little ship landed on the ground .
and then some people came out .
and they weren't ordinary people .
they had more than enough legs .
and they were purple green blue .
and they had a dog that was just like them but it was just blue with a little bit of hair .
and then Mariah was going up there .
but Jorge was scared .
so he was struggling and trying not to go by the aliens .
and then the ship lifted off again .
there's this girl .
I forgot .
he get up .
he get up because he wants to get cereal .
take shoes , go in school , ride the bus , and it's gone .
the bus gone .
and gone to school .
and forgot .
him is scary .
xxx .
uhoh .
my tummy's growling .
.
no .
is it raining outside ?
him very .
I forgot .
I forgot .
very forgot .
I don't have a story .
they go to Mcdonalds .
they ordered at Mcdonalds .
no I said they ordered it .
tired .
I did that .
hungry .
tying .
waiting for the bus .
then he went to school .
what are the +...
I forgot their names .
[<] .
I don't know them .
I don't know their names .
Megan and Joshua .
she was walking home .
and he said stop .
and the people were walking out .
and that's +...
and they went away .
and that's all .
I forgot the boy's name .
[<] .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the the mom and the kids went out to eat at Mcdonalds .
and they +...
the boy wanted a hamburger fries and drink and a vanilla shake .
the girl wanted a happy meal with a coke .
the mom want a salad .
but she left her purse in the kitchen .
the boy waked up in the morning .
and then he accidently spilled the milk when he was eating breakfast .
and then his shoelace came off [% laugh] .
it broke .
then the bus was on to school .
and then his mom came and said you hafta get to school on time .
the boy and girl went to the park .
and then aliens were here .
they went to the park and play .
but they would wanna go out and play because they brought their dog .
and the little boy walked the dog .
I don't know .
I can't read it .
I remember they went to Mcdonalds .
and the mom lost her purse on the kitchen floor .
[ was it maybe ?
and she said can you save my food .
and they say no the can't .
they don't sposta be saving it .
do they sposta or not ?
you don't .
and that's it .
yeah that's all I remember .
first he didn't feel good with his head .
his head got hurt .
and he spilled his milk .
he was watching the clock .
and he broke the shoelace .
and he was late for school .
the schoolbus <> leaved him .
and he asked the mom if she can take him to the school .
that's it .
the boy and the girl .
the boy was scared .
and the girl was happy .
she was trying to go .
but the aliens came down .
and they had +...
the aliens just went outside and see everything .
and and look at that goat or doggy or something .
what is that ?
you don't know ?
it's a dog or a goat .
but all the aliens got out .
and they were happy because they wanna have a picnic and spend the night there .
so the girl went out and see the aliens .
the aliens said nothing .
but she just did this ahhhh@c .
and that's it .
hm: no that's all .
yeah .
I can't think .
they went home and got the money .
and they went back to Mcdonalds .
the mom gave him the dollars .
he got up .
and he's poured some milk .
but he spilled .
and he broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] his <> shoelace .
he runned [: ran] [* m:=ed] for the bus .
he ask the teacher it's time .
there's an alien puppy and an alien child and a alien mom and an alien dad or alien grandma I think .
I think it's a dad .
[^ pause] and the ship .
the girl was happy to see them .
and the boy was not happy to see them .
the girl took her .
and that was it .
they uh : .
they went +...
I don't remember .
one day +...
once upon a time Max got got out of bed .
and he made him [% ew:himself] some cereal .
but he could not tie his shoe .
he was late for the school bus .
<> the teacher said where have you been ?
once upon a time there were [% clears throat] a little girl and a boy .
they saw some aliens .
the aliens voted to have a house .
the little girl said come on .
the boy did not wanted [% ew:want] to go .
the little girl pulled his hand and went by the bushes and saw the aliens with their dog .
the alien dad was holding all their stuff when they got home .
the little girl couldn't believe her eyes .
they were coming closer .
and the little girl and the boy started running .
the runned [% ew:ran] to their house and told their parents .
[^ clears throat] I saw some aliens .
me too said the little girl .
[% intercom interruption] dad looked over there and saw the aliens .
the end .
I said I have something to eat .
the farmer had the dog .
Bingo_was_his_nameo .
he's got xxx xxx his clock .
then he's gotta get up .
then he's drink his milk .
then he's got a xxx xxx xxx the cereal .
then he's ties his shoe up .
and he broke it .
then he misses his bus .
then he's going on his house .
at school .
the aliens said he's got the alien's dog Purdles .
then he's got all his zipx@n .
then he's got his mamas her her father .
then the girl said he saw the alien then the dog .
then he's not going to his farmer sit down .
then he's look at the tree on the farmer .
a mother lost her money .
and he ordered a hamburger and french fries and a drink and a chocolate milkshake .
a mother got a salad with some tomato stuff in it with a hamburger .
a little girl ordered chicken fried steak .
that's it .
him don't wanna get up .
he spilled some milk .
he broke some shoelaces .
he took long on a bus .
and a principal got mad at him .
that it .
him 0is scared .
him is scared .
but she want to go meet them .
a dog is different .
and them look weird .
they don't dress up .
and them got a little brother and a little sister .
them have 0a spaceship .
them have spots everywhere .
them look weird .
the dog don't look right because he don't look like a real dog because he has +/.
he have whiskers .
he have some hair there .
that's it .
I wanna go to Mcdonalds .
I wanna go out to eat for dinner .
and <> the boy couldn't go to school .
the boy uh the +...
left her purse at home .
tonight go out to dinner .
and the little boy +...
I wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom left her purse 0at home .
um the +...
a little boy got out 0of the bed made some breakfast and tie his shoe .
and the little boy is walking to school .
they come home from school .
and their their ask their mom to go to Mcdonalds .
their had a hamburger french_fry and a drink .
that other girl have icecream french_fries and chicken .
her mom have salad and a drink a milkshake and a <> salad and a tomato and a drink .
their have french_fries and salad and a drink and chicken and <> pizza and a drink and a glass of water and a bag of french_fries and a chicken nugget and a pizza and a drink and a hamburger and a salad and a pizza .
that one .
first +/.
him getting out of bed .
then him putting milk and cereal in there .
him broke him shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] .
the bus and the school .
a alien saw holding walking with getting out .
two children +...
there was two aliens that that their wanna see .
that their like it .
that their [% ew:they] <> love aliens except for him .
and and aliens are not nice .
but a alien dog 0is right there .
and not a real alien dog and this one and this one and this one and that one .
<> two children that leaving .
that space alien 0is going back home .
I don't remember the story .
that they went to Mcdonalds .
and her mom didn't have any money .
so +...
and it was at [% ew:on] the kitchen table at her house .
a boy was late for school .
he had no time .
he hadta make his cereal .
but he messed it up .
he hadta get dressed .
but he's gotta tie his shoes .
he was late for the school bus .
and the teacher asked him .
there was a hardy ship with those indians .
and the girl wanted to go .
and the boy said no because there was aliens .
and the girl quick pulled off her hand .
and she pulled off his hand and lets [% ew:let] go .
the end .
just the <> way I said .
I don't know .
that a story .
and the girls go 0to Mcdonald .
the boy go 0to Mcdonald .
they go 0to Mcdonalds .
yeah .
they could go for at the Mcdonalds for her mom for at the kids .
and they go at school .
we hafta go for Mcdonalds for her mom .
they could go .
it say five more minutes .
we can go home .
we hafta watch movies and games and puzzles and toys and videogames .
and watch rascal and watch the movies and eat popcorn and watch the movies .
[<] hafta go home to eats [% ew:eat] .
uhhuh .
to wake up and go at school .
and they can do the clock .
like this bbling@c .
and he got sleep and hurt his head .
that boy spilled milk .
and he got trouble .
and he couldn't spank .
that boy Eddie can't tie his shoe .
this tie +...
he got broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] off .
that boy waiting 0on the bus .
and his bus is going .
his bus +...
he said wait .
they can go at school school school .
they could go at the teacher what are you doing what are you doing .
keep +...
they can go at school .
they go as bussers@n .
at the bus +...
and and he he forgot wait .
and he he rans [: ran] [* m:+es] .
the teacher and she came at the outside .
he go at school .
we can do that .
and they go to airplane up space .
so the +...
that girl ran as fast 0as she could .
and she go .
she see the dog and the hairy .
she could turn to girl .
she's a big .
she's big .
she's big .
[^ burps] just like her .
just like him .
and and she go for at to +...
that mom said welcome to Beautiful_Day_Beautiful_Day .
they could go xxx at home xxx .
that girl said let me see you .
let's let's look .
and that dog and she does woof_woof woof_woof .
he bark .
he say ahhh@c ahhh@c .
the outer space +...
they could go for the airplane .
they run at way .
the boy and girl asked their mom can they go out to eat .
and the mom said yes .
and both of them said can we go to Mcdonalds .
and the boy and the girl said they both wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and they went .
and the boy and girl got in the car .
and then they were at Mcdonalds .
and the mom got the salad .
and then the boy got a hamburger and french_fries and <> icecream shake .
and the girl got a hamburger and french_fries and a shake .
and they forgot the money on the counter .
he wake up .
and he saw alarm clock .
it says what's the time .
and then he went in him him kitchen fixing .
he was doing it all sloppy .
and then he was tying him shoe .
and then broke him shoe xxx .
and the bus leave him because he was so late .
and he was walking .
and this lady said your bus just leaved [: left] [* m:=ed] .
that these two groups of kids these aliens that <> big sisters and dad and the mom and and the the little sister and the dog in the spaceship .
they came here to have lunch and stay .
they go in Mcdonalds .
and then they have 0a hang out .
then they got <> orders food trash .
he wake up .
and he spill [* m:0ed] milk .
then his shoe couldn't tie .
then he go to school and fix [* m:0ed] it .
alien land space .
and then they walk in the space and take 0the dog 0for a walk .
then take 0the dog 0for a walk .
they live here .
and then said no don't do it .
that's fine .
then the spaceship leave [* m:a:0es] .
that's the end .
Cassie .
I can't remember the first part .
I just remember that they had asked their mom if they could go out to eat .
and then they had scream [* m:a:0ed] Mcdonalds .
so they had went to Mcdonalds .
they had order [* m:0ed] some food .
their mom had forgot [% ew:forgotten] the money on the kitchen table .
the boy is waking up .
and he's looking at the time .
he's wasting the milk .
the boy broke his shoestring .
the boy had <> missed the bus .
and the boy had walk [* m:a:0ed] to school .
the alien ship had landed on the grass .
and the door had open [* m:a:0ed] .
then the aliens had came [% ew:come] out with a dog .
the girl was tryin(g) to go to them .
the brother said no .
the girl was tryin(g) to to pull his hand .
the boy had said no .
I can't think of anymore .
on thursday they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and they couldn't figure out what they were gonna order .
the boy and his mom they said that they knew what they wanted to eat .
Lisa couldn't figure out what he [% ew:she] wanted .
I mean Lisa she didn't figure out what she wanted .
and then she figured out what she wanted .
then their mom forgot that she left her purse at home .
one day the boy woke up .
and he was so hot when his alarm clock went off .
he went and got a bowl .
then when he poured the the milk it spilled over .
when he tied his shoe he wasn't watching where he was tying his shoe .
then he was taking so long to tie his shoe the bus left .
then his mom hadta take him .
there was this alien ship .
and then the aliens came out .
the girl she was going .
but her brother was grabbing her and saying no .
and and then the alien stayed in because the alien family went to go to another house .
then the alien ship left and went to find a new home .
but they couldn't find any .
and then <> finally they found one .
but it wasn't all the way built .
so they 0had been waiting for days and days .
and then it was built .
but they they were trying to find a mattress to sleep on a bed .
and there was no stuff .
so they just slept on the floor .
and and then they went to the store and bought a pillow and a blanket and a mattress so they could sleep on it .
then this monster came and destroyed their house .
then they hadta go and find a new house .
but there was [% ew:were] no other new houses .
so they hadta go live up in the alien that they lived in before they they were finding a new house .
and then that's all .
they came home .
and they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
he wakes up .
and he noticed the clock is [% clears throat] past time .
he was trying to hurry and eat his cereal .
but he pours the milk in too fast .
[^ sighs] then he starts to get his shoes on .
and he pulls off one of the laces .
then he was too late for the school bus .
so the school bus didn't pick him up .
and the teacher said he was too late for school .
the aliens are walking [% clears throat] out from the ship .
and the boy and girl are walking [% clears throat] .
they find aliens .
so the brother says don't go near the aliens .
but she is interested in aliens .
so she +...
I uh +...
what happened to the boy and the girl in the story ?
they they didn't get to eat .
okay .
the the story I would like to tell you is called The_Very_Bad_Day .
one time there was a boy named Jim .
Jim woke up very late today .
Jim was late .
he he ate a very quick <> cereal .
but the milk spilled .
and the clock showed he hadta get ready for school .
so he got on his clothes .
but when he was tying his other shoe the shoelace broke .
and when Jim was ready to go on the school bus the school bus has [% ew:had] left for him .
so Jim hadta walk all the way to school .
so when Jim <> gotta school his teacher said you are late .
what happened ?
and he told the whole story .
he was late for everything .
his alarm clock broke .
so that's why the whole thing had happened .
okay the story I am telling is named The_Aliens .
one day there was a ship .
the ship had weird writing .
Melissa saw it .
she told her brother .
they went out and saw where it had landed .
and she thought it was written in chinese .
later the door opened .
three aliens came out with their dog with some luggage .
she was very happy .
but the brother was very nervous .
she wanted to go meet them and say hi .
but the brother said no wait stop !
but she grabbed him already .
and they went out of the bushes .
they saw them .
the aliens were very shy to see people that weren't very familiar .
they told them what happened .
you have landed on earth in the woods .
will you please +...
and they said okay .
will you please tell us more ?
and will you join us for dinner ?
they said sure .
but the brother said no .
and then the aliens said it's okay .
it's okay .
even <> we know we're aliens we're 0as <> friendly as humans .
we're not different as [% ew:from] humans .
we're just aliens that have more legs than you .
have you meet [% ew:met] our dog ruff ?
0 .
he said hello ruff .
and he started to pet him .
then they had a wonderful time eating dinner with them .
the end .
the kids got back from school .
then the mom came back from work .
then her mom said they were going out for supper tonight .
and then she said where do you wanna go ?
and then they said Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and then their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
then they gotta Mcdonalds .
they ordered +...
they went to the counter .
sister didn't know what she's gonna have .
and then the mom and the son knew what they were having .
and the son had chocolate shake and a cheeseburger with fries .
and the mom had a cheeseburger and fries .
then the daughter made up her mind .
and she wanted chocolate icecream cone with a cheeseburger and fries .
and then the girl's like it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother <> looked for her purse .
and she didn't know where it was .
and it was at home on the kitchen counter .
the end .
he woke up stood by the clock .
he ate his breakfast .
he had cereal .
he made a mess .
and then he got dressed dressed .
and then he put his shoes on .
he broke his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] .
and then he had another shoe .
and he broke that one .
and then he went outside .
and he missed the bus .
and then he ran all the way to school .
and he ran up the stairs at his school .
and the teacher was there .
and she said you're late .
you missed the bus .
you probably didn't mean to xxx xxx .
and he went in the school .
and everybody was done .
and he hadta do the longest longest class ever .
the end .
they went to a park .
there was a spaceship .
there's a girl that went to the park and a boy .
she wasn't afraid .
she didn't see the aliens .
then the aliens came out .
and she was running too fast that she couldn't see them .
and he saw the whole alien family come out .
there was a mom a daughter a sister a brother a dad and a dog .
and then when they got there she was afraid of the aliens because she saw them there .
and they made it back to the house .
they told her parents .
and then he went back had a camera took a picture and brought it back to her parents .
then they got proof .
the end .
on on tuesday when they got home from school them went to +...
tonight we're going to Mcdonalds .
and and we gonna eat .
I forgot the other part .
one likes chocolate and one likes vanilla .
and they ate .
the little girl want to buy something .
she ask them can I have a happy meal and a chocolate cone .
it cost ten dollars and ten cents .
the mom got a salad .
the mom left a dollar at home at [% ew:on] the kitchen counter .
this this about the boy was late .
he waked [% ew:woke] up .
and he didn't know that he was early .
he spill [* m:0ed] some milk .
he broke his shoestring .
he was not early for his bus from [% ew:for] school .
on saturday +...
their named was um um +...
on saturday morning there +...
these children name is +...
the boy's name is john .
and john and his sister name is +...
I forgot his sister name .
John was scared of the robots .
and and his sister want to see the robots .
the robots got two sisters and the mom and the dad and the robot puppy .
john's sister want to <> say hi to the robots .
but john was scared of them .
and the robot sister won't come come out and said [% ew:say] bye to the robot sister .
they'll wanna have a place to live .
so john want to hide there to [% ew:in] the bushes .
the end .
I forgot the first .
they went out to eat .
their mom forget their purse .
um I can't remember .
I can't think of a story .
I can't .
it's confusing .
um right here .
that he forgot to get up &=laughs .
0 .
I made a story at my house . [+ bch]
I made a story at my house . [+ bch]
but I don't know how to start it &*INV:mhm because there's lots of people . [+ bch]
they went to the park to have a picnic .
the other people walked their dog &=laughs .
the big dog .
uhuh .
when the kid got home from school their mom said we're gonna eat out for dinner .
and where do you wanna eat ?
and they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and they jumped into the car .
and mom drove them .
they gotta Mcdonalds .
and uh I forgot their real names .
and she couldn't decide what she wanted .
and mom and the boy knew what they wanted .
finally the girl decided what she want .
she got a hamburger french fries and a large chocolate milkshake .
and mom ordered a cheeseburger no the boy +...
I forgot .
I forgot can't remember the rest .
the boy wanna get a <> cheeseburger with french fries and a large chocolate milkshake .
and I forget the rest .
um yeah .
Samantha woke up .
and it was late .
she hadta eat quickly because she didn't have enough time .
and she hadta tie her shoes get ready .
and her shoelace snapped .
and then she was late for the school bus .
and the school bus already left .
so he hadta walk to school .
that's it .
Jake and Al saw some aliens .
and Jill was very happy to see them .
but Jake wasn't .
the aliens came out .
and they had a dad a mom a kid and a dog .
that's all .
Jake didn't wanna see the aliens .
so he said stop stop stop over and over again .
and Jill said why don't you wanna go .
because they might chase us .
aww@c come on .
let's just go back home .
and they set off to go back home .
end .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
on tuesday morning mom came home from work .
and the mom she asked do yall wanna go to Mcdonalds ?
I mean do you wanna go out to eat .
and they said yes .
she said pick a place where yall wanna eat .
so they both said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
they already knew what they were gonna order .
so they went .
they were ordering their food .
and the man said it will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
she was about to get her purse .
but she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
the boy's waking up in the morning .
he's fixing his breakfast .
he's having cereal .
he's getting ready for school .
he he's getting late for the bus .
he's running real fast as he can .
but he got late for school .
and the bell rang .
the girl she was tryin(g) to walk .
and and the boy said no .
he was holding her hand <> because he was afraid .
he didn't know what that was .
and +...
that's all I can say .
I can't .
the boy's didn't know what to think .
they look like like aliens .
and she thought that they were cool .
but he didn't think that they were .
after school Lisa and uh uh uh huh uh +...
uh uh +...
the mom lost her +...
her [% ew:she] went home .
and her mom forgot her wallet .
uh : : : uh .
the boy waked [% ew:woke] up in the morning .
he maked [% ew:made] breakfast .
he put his <> shoe on and tie [* m:0ed] it .
the boy missed the bus .
the teacher <> said you're a minute late .
he went to school .
0 .
the boy and the girl saw a [% ew:an] alien 0that had clothes .
and them [% ew:they] had a dog .
the dad had bags .
the mom hold [% ew:held] the kid's hand .
and them [% ew:they] had a spaceship .
the girl hold [% ew:held] the boy's hand .
and behind the bushes they're walking .
uh : +...
uh uh +...
no .
they want to go to Mcdonalds .
they jumped in 0the car .
and then they went in .
then the boy ordered a hamburger order of french_fries a shake .
and the mom ordered salad .
and the the sister ordered xxx [% loud noise in room , unable to hear the rest of utterance] .
and the end .
one morning he woke up .
he waste [* m:a:0ed] the milk .
he tied his shoes .
and the bus left .
he was walking to school .
and he sat down on a chair .
then he listened to the teacher .
the end .
a boy and a girl was [% ew:were] looking for a park .
and they saw aliens .
the aliens came out of the +...
they walked out .
the girl play with her dog .
mm .
the mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and Sarah said Mcdonalds and +...
I forgot his name .
and Raymond said Mcdonalds too .
and their mother Drewv [% child said "drewv" for "drove"] them to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered a a chocolate shake and a cheeseburger .
Sarah said I make up my mind .
I want a a cheeseburger a coke and a vanilla cone .
and their mom ordered a salad .
she checked for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
she said she left it at home on the kitchen <> counter .
The_Messy +...
I don't know what to call it .
Jen Jen woke up late because his clock didn't come right .
he went downstairs and poured his milk .
he messed up .
and he poured it off the table .
he he took all his time tying his shoes .
and he was late for school .
and he missed the school bus .
and the principal said you're late for school .
and the end .
The_Aliens .
once upon a time there was a alien dad a alien mom a a alien daughter and alien dog .
they came from offer [: outer] [* s:ur] space .
they were having a picnic and camping out .
and I'll call him Darsh and Shannon .
Shannon saw [% child counting to himself] four aliens .
and she started to run .
Dan +...
I'll call him Tim .
Tim said no don't go Samantha .
I mean don't go her name .
Shannon don't go Shannon .
and then the alien friends <> were saying bye to them .
the aliens have [% counting to himself] eight legs .
and the rocketship was starting to go up up up way up in the sky .
and then Samantha was going to the park through the woods .
and she said let's go let's go !
I see aliens !
I see aliens !
let's go see them !
let's go see them !
and Tim said no no no .
I don't wanna .
and the aliens lived happily ever after .
there was a girl and a boy .
they had +...
it was time for dinner .
their mom said where do you wanna go out for dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they went in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
they got their order .
and they asked for a salad a plain ice cream cone and a kidsmeal .
and there was xxx +...
she didn't have her money .
and she left it at home .
and the xxx guy said im [: it] [* p:n] is twelve dollars and forty five cents .
the boy isn't waking up .
it looks like should I say what it looks like ?
[<] up .
he had a bad day .
<> the milk went all over .
his shoelace broke .
he missed the bus .
he was late for school .
the teacher said you're late .
the +...
there was a ship .
and this guy .
Martha saw the spaceship first .
peter saw the spaceship landing .
Martha said hey some aliens are coming out .
and peter said one's waving goodbye .
he's staying in the ship .
one of the aliens saw them .
and then they all met each other .
peter was scared .
but Martha really really wanted to see .
they had a pet dog .
they had a child .
the <> spaceship was going away .
all the aliens said goodbye .
and then when the spaceship came back after three whole years they went back to Uno and then lived there .
and they said goodbye .
and that was a end .
well here's the deal that you eat .
ah I I don't know .
he +/.
I don't know .
uhhuh .
the boy want a chicken nugget happy meal .
sorry .
I had +...
the boy +...
but the +...
I don't know end of story .
yeah .
uhhuh .
xxx and not done with her .
her and cereal and out got the milk right ?
and and cereal right ?
I can't walk to school .
yeah .
[<] a wait bus .
walking .
and the boy could walking to school right ?
and I can't do that .
I can't do that either .
either that .
a them leave .
those leave .
them leave .
uhhuh .
her meeted a dog .
I don't know .
I can tell you .
milk +...
all forgot the money .
it's time to go .
hafta eat dinner today .
hafta eat dinner .
I spill the milk .
I don't know how to tie my shoes .
there's too many xxx xxx .
sad .
wait .
yeah .
I don't know .
she's walking .
she's pulling him .
no .
xxx xxx xxx .
byebye .
puppy .
xxx xxx .
yeah .
yes .
holding holding killing +...
trick or treat .
yeah .
walking .
stopping .
yeah .
yeah .
the end .
she wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and and then they eat .
and I don't remember .
no .
he waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up .
then he was putting some milk in his bowl to eat cereal .
and then he tied his shoes .
then then his shoelaces come off .
then then he walked to school .
then he was waiting for the school bus .
then he went .
she wanted to look at the alien .
then his brother said no because there was aliens .
and I don't remember .
yes .
they's walking under under the car .
the car .
and and the the mom said bye boys .
uh I don't remember I don't I don't know what I I do in this story .
my mom and Doug and Hunter <> and me we went to the garage door .
and we hadta get out .
but my mom asked everyone .
but she ask two girls .
and he talked to a man and a man .
um : +...
after this I wanna write on the board .
first you get up .
and you get some breakfast .
you tie your shoes .
you wait for the bus .
he's climbing up to school .
he's climbing up the stairs to school .
does that mean he hasta walk to school ?
his teacher : : +...
they played played .
they played .
[% clears throat] and the octopuses were here .
they bring their dog and the girl and the boy and the dog .
she wanted to see those octopuses .
she took the boy to go see them .
they played and played .
[% clears throat] they played hide-and-seek .
they runned [% ew:ran] .
they hadta hide .
mhm .
the girl which she +...
I don't know .
I can't read .
I can't read .
they lost money .
oh the guy said +...
I can't read it .
yes .
oh [% (0:4.)] they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
the man said fifty cents .
and their mom didn't got it .
I don't know .
he woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
and then he had breakfast tied his shoe and wait for the bus and [% (0:4.)] go in school .
this are they aliens ?
I think they are .
xxx is a mother I can call a girl .
a girl saw a aliens in the space .
and then then the boy didn't wanna go .
and then aliens went out_o(f) the space .
and they looked back .
that's all .
yes .
no uh .
yeah .
the girl and the boy got home from school .
their mom said what do you want for dinner ?
and the girl and the boy said Mcdonalds .
they took them to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the counter .
and their mom ordered a salad .
the girl <> ordered chocolate icecream cone .
and I think the boy ordered a hamburger .
and then they were gonna pay for it .
but <> they just remembered that they left the purse at home .
he woke up late .
he poured his breakfast .
and he made a mess .
he was tying his shoes .
and his shoelace snapped .
and he was mad because he missed the bus .
and his teacher got mad because he was late .
on tuesday they they asked if they could go Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them .
and (..) and they ordered their food .
and (..) .
they forgot their purse .
0 .
he woke up .
and he ate breakfast .
and he spilled his milk .
and and got dressed .
he was tying his shoes .
his lace snapped .
and when he was going on the bus .
and he was running .
and then he ran to school .
and the teacher was <> mad .
and +...
this girl and a boy were going to the woods to go to the park .
and a ship <> came .
and aliens came out of it .
and the boy was scared .
the girl went over to them .
and she was scared when they ran .
and the girl ran with him .
yeah .
uhuh .
Lisa and Ryan were with their mother .
they said they wanna go out for dinner .
they said they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so the mother got in the car .
and Lisa and Ryan jump jump in the car .
and the mother drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa was deciding what she wants to have .
mother order a salad .
Ryan wanted a a happy meal with a vanilla shake .
Lisa got his happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream .
the worker said it costs twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when mother was getting the purse out she didn't know it was there .
it was still in the kitchen counter at home .
so Lisa and Ryan get back to the car drove home got the purse and went back to Mcdonalds .
he got up when his clock alarm was on .
he had breakfast until it was seven thirty .
he was dressing up .
and when he tied his shoes a lace broke off .
he missed the bus .
but she shouted out to get in .
but he walked to school .
the teacher was pointing to the clock because he was late for school .
: let's see .
what can the kids name ?
Trevor and Jessie .
okay .
Trevor and Jessie were in this park until Jessie hears something and Trevor too .
it was an alien ship .
they were coming to the park , too .
they looked like squids .
Jesse wants to see those .
she was excited .
come on , <> Trevor .
let's look at those little squid aliens .
I don't think so said Trevor .
they had a dog that is furry and weird .
the dad alien squid got luggages .
maybe this was a forest .
but I don't know .
but Jesse was just so anxious to see those .
Trevor wasn't .
they ran home .
they told their parents what happened on this action .
dad said squid aliens ?
we're not .
they're real .
they're in the forest said Jessie .
excuse me .
well you better not look at those again .
I don't know if they're trying to destroy the world said mom .
let's go again to see if if they are doing anything else said said Trevor .
when they went back to the forest they were just camping here .
two weeks ago Michelle and Trevor went back to the forest again to see what the squid alien's doing .
but but their alien ship came back .
they went back in the alien ship and fly back to space .
<> Michelle said Trevor .
look it's going away !
Michelle Michelle hello earth to Michelle !
snap out of it [% makes snapping noise] !
oh said Michelle .
oh what was it ?
the alien ship went back to their own planet said Trevor .
they did said Michelle .
yes said Trevor .
well glad there's not any squid aliens again this kind of forest .
let's go home .
this sunday is just letting us having this kind of nightmare .
Michelle I betcha we not having this kind of nightmare when we go to sleep .
well I guess you are right said Michelle .
yep let's go home said Trevor .
the mom got home .
and they were going to Mcdonalds .
and the two boys knew what they wanted and the girl didn't .
she didn't know what she wanted .
they went went ahead and told what they wanted .
and it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and momma left the money at the house .
and that's the end .
I'm going to call this story Bad_Times .
the boy was waking up one time .
he needed to go and eat breakfast .
he spilled his milk on the floor and on the table .
he went to tie his shoes .
and his lace broke .
and when he was going to get on the bus the bus left him behind .
and he was late at school when he arrived .
Alien_Friends .
there was one boy and one girl .
they were going somewhere .
the alien ship landed on the plane .
and they got off .
and they had eight legs .
and a dog that looked furry .
and that's it .
they went to unload their stuff and take them outside to party and play with the dog .
and the boy didn't wanna do that because he thought the aliens might do something to them .
no .
on tuesday their mother went home from work .
and the mother said <> what do you kids wanna eat ?
and the children say hamburger !
and their mother went to Mcdonalds .
and and the boy want hamburger .
the girl want want icecream cone .
the mother want french fries .
and then when they came back to the table they didn't see the <> hamburger .
at the morning the boy woke up .
the clock rang .
and the boy rushed to eat cereal and tie his shoe so could go to school .
and when he came out the bus went to to the school ready .
but but the boy was too late .
and when the boy went to school his teacher was standing at the stair .
the boy said I sorry I'm late .
one day the the alien went to their spaceship to go to their world .
and they went down .
they come <> out the ship .
and and the the man and the woman was walking in the bush .
and when the woman was running the the man saw the alien .
and the man hold the woman hand .
the alien was carrying the rope with the dog in it .
the old man was screaming .
and he pulled the woman back .
and the alien was saying hello .
and they were so happy that they saw the world .
go to school .
then they mom and they they come back from school .
and <> they mom say <> they go out tonight .
mhm .
and +...
and [% makes whining noises] +...
I don't know .
[>] .
.
and then they jump into the car .
and they go Mcdonalds .
[<] has cheeseburger .
and chocolate icecream and +/.
no chocolate icecream .
that is it .
and vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa Lisa .
mhm .
Lisa order a happy meal .
and Lisa get mm +...
a coke .
and xxx .
the boy is waking up .
he [>] +/.
he's waking up almost .
the bus almost leaving .
and first he need to go to to the kitchen and to breakfast .
breakfast .
and he shoe laces .
he shoe laces is snapped .
[<] .
and he look at the clock again .
he almost late .
mhm .
and he make a big mess at the kitchen table he clean up .
yeah .
he miss the bus .
he late to school .
and he go to the classroom .
and &*INV:mhm and the teacher <> make tardy in the attendance folder .
[<] .
and that's it .
they name is Michelle &*INV:mhm and Daniel .
again .
and that they heard a funny sound .
and that a +...
what what this ? [+ bch]
I don't know what that . [+ bch]
what this one ? [+ bch]
space +...
this thing &*INV:huh what this ? [+ bch]
spaceship .
and the whole family go to the park .
they all aliens .
and they got the brother a dad a mom and a babysitter and a dog .
and <> then Daniel scared .
mhm .
and a dog hear them .
and they run away .
and +/.
and go inside the bushes .
and the dog say nothing .
mhm .
and they put out they picnic .
mhm .
and they got alien's food .
[>] .
that they food xxx .
they got heads &*INV:repeats and arms &*INV:repeats and ten eyeballs &*INV:repeats and and snails &*INV:repeats and and hearts &*INV:repeats and hairs &*INV:repeats and and nose &*INV:repeats and drinks .
drinks .
drinks that if that xxx drink .
no drinks .
that if that xxx xxx they drink they thirsty .
drinks .
and they they toss out the baby toys and the dog toys and the brother toys .
and they they take out they toys .
the baby toys the dog &*INV:mhm toys and the grownup toys outside to play .
and they find +/.
mhm .
wow .
they find a playground almost new .
mhm .
and they swing .
and the dog got a squeaky one .
a squeaky toy .
and and the father put all the food out already .
and +...
and they eat .
they got dog's alien food .
its name's dog's eye dog's hair and dog's heads and dog's feet and dog's tails .
mhm .
for the dogs .
and they got baby baby food .
they got baby hand &*INV:mhm baby hair &*INV:oh_no baby head and baby feet and baby's diapers &=laughs .
yeah .
mhm and baby hair .
and baby diapers .
and and they eat .
then they all finish .
then +/.
then they put all the stuff inside .
and and the toys .
they play a little while .
and they go inside .
then then they they take all the stuff .
then they got in the thing .
and and they wipe all the food and clean the the table .
[<] .
and nobody see the aliens eat there .
and the brother go inside .
the man go inside .
and they mom go inside .
the baby go inside .
and the dog still playing .
and they +/.
uhhuh .
the dog he forgot something .
he go outside .
the dog forgot something and +/.
he squeaky toy and +/.
uhhuh .
[ and he go back in the ship and +/.
and the door close and +/.
then they go into the space .
and they go on the alien world .
and and &*INV:oh_more and and the kids saw it already .
and the kids tell their mom .
and dad .
<> they never believed them .
they got that story again .
they never ever believed them again .
no more .
they went out to eat at Mcdonalds .
the girl ordered a Happy_Meal with a coke , and fries , and a icecream cone .
the boy order a Big_Mac with fries and a chocolate shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
the burger cost twelve dollars .
that's all I can remember .
once there been a boy who woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
then he got his breakfast .
and he spills some of the milk .
then he broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] his shoe .
and so he walked .
and he misses the bus .
so he is late for school .
and the principal says you're late for school again .
and the boy say I never <> do it again .
there was aliens .
once one girl and a boy that went to the park .
and they saw aliens coming out of the spaceship .
and there were alien people .
there was the mom and a dad and a dog and a kid .
and the dad were carrying a suitcase .
and a boy were carrying the dog .
that's it .
can you think of anything else to put in your story ?
mhm .
there's nothing I can think of .
one day &*INV:mhm Lisa's and Raymond's mom called we're going out to eat .
and she said where do you wanna go to eat .
and they screamed out at the same time Mcdonalds .
and they both hoped into the car &*INV:mhm and drive to Mcdonalds .
and they gotta the kitchen counter .
and <> Lisa couldn't <> decide whatted [: what] [* m:+ed] <> she wanted .
mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
then they got out .
and then Raymond ordered a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm a fry &*INV:mhm a vanilla shake .
and then mom ordered .
she wanted a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal &*INV:mhm with a coke &*INV:mhm and a cone with chocolate .
xxx .
and then her mom went all through her purse .
and she noticed it wasn't there .
and she left it on the kitchen counter .
he woke up got downstairs .
he was already downstairs &*INV:mhm because you know xxx downstairs .
he just was already downstairs got out of bed went for cereal got cereal and made a mess .
and then he got ready for school .
and he was tying his shoes and it ripped .
he missed the bus .
xxx .
he gotta school &*INV:mhm late .
these two people were eating lunch .
and then they saw something up in the air .
and when it landed they ran over here .
and then they came down just to visit it looks like .
and this girl wanted to go see .
and he wouldn't let her because they're aliens .
and they thought they were mean .
but they were nice actually .
they wouldn't harm anybody .
but everybody thought they were weird and gross and everything else .
and they really weren't .
they were nice people .
and then they got back on the ship and went back to their planet .
and that was the end .
I forgot .
they wanted go to Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
they they ordered a happy meal .
and icecream .
and a milkshake .
and it all costed a dollar .
and they hadta go back home .
don't know .
a boy was hungry .
he wanted to get some food .
the milk spilled .
he was running .
he was <> trying to catch the bus .
the shoelace broke .
he was late .
nope .
yep .
there were aliens up in the sky .
the ship landeded [: landed] [* m:+ed] .
they came out .
and they scared the kids .
and they were walking there for a picnic .
and they took out the food and ate .
the end .
one day mom said let's eat out out .
and ray and Jane yelled Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Jane couldn't decide what she wanted .
she wanted a Big_Mac or a a happy meal .
I think she decided on a happy meal .
and then the clerk did the order .
and then the mom went to reach for her purse .
it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it at the kitchen counter .
one day Micheal woke up .
and his alarm clock did not go off .
he looked at the clock .
and he was running late .
he spilled his milk because he was looking at the clock because he was late .
and he hadta clean it up .
then when he was tying his shoes his shoelace snapped .
then he hadta walk to school instead of the bus because he was late .
and the bus forgot him .
when he walked up the steps then his teacher said you are a tardy .
the end .
one day we were going to a family picnic .
and then me and my sister little sister wanted to go on a hike .
we went on a hike for about three hours .
then the little sister saw some creepy purple things that looked like octopuses with a space dog .
and she wanted to see what what were they .
so they went over there and said hi .
and then they blasted off .
and then the spaceship people that drive the ship blasted off and left the whole family behind of the monsters .
then she said hi to the monsters .
and then the monsters grabbed her and kept her alive in a jar .
the end .
in the beginning the mom asked if they would like to go out to dinner .
and they said sure .
and she asked where would you like to go ?
Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa or Sarah didn't know she wanted .
but the mother and the <> boy knew what they wanted .
the boy wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
the mom wanted a <> salad .
and then the girl finally made up her mind .
she said I would like a happy meal with fries and then a chocolate icecream .
and then the guy who worked at Mcdonalds said that will be twelve fifty or seventy five .
and then the mother reached for her purse .
it was not there .
that's it .
okay .
so you mean I can make up my own story ?
one day Caleb was getting out of bed bed .
and he forgot how to turn off his alarm .
and it kept going <> off .
and then when he came <> breakfast time when he poured his milk it spilled all over the table .
and when he was getting dressed and tying his shoes his shoelace broke broke .
and then <> he missed the bus .
and then at the end the teacher was pretty upset that Caleb missed school because he's not all the time to school on time .
once upon a time a late September afternoon these two kids were taking a walk to a park .
and they saw xxx spaceship land .
and they saw two aliens .
one was a little girl with a dog .
and one was a mother .
and the second thing they saw come out was the father with all their luggage .
and in the ship waving goodbye was the captain of the spaceship .
and they walked off of the ship and were just standing there .
and the dog was looking at the background where the little girl was looking at the dog .
and the mom was out looking at the trees .
and the dad was looking in front of him .
and the girl said lets go and say hello to them .
but the man said no .
but the girl took his hand hand and went to grabbed it .
and they went to say hi .
and they shook hands .
and then they went into the forest .
and the girl and man said do you have a place to live .
and they said no .
and then they said oh we know where a cave is in the woods .
and so the girl and the man took them to it .
and they said goodbye .
and they never saw them again .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa ?
and what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
and what +/.
what +...
well I think I remembered you said what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
oh .
oh [>] .
oh .
Raymond and Lisa .
I don't know .
they wanted to go to a restaurant .
and the mom said which restaurant ?
and they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so then they went up there .
and Lisa ordered and then the mom .
and then it cost twelve dollars .
well her mom forgot her purse at her house in the kitchen .
and then wait a minute oh I forgot .
Jake woke up .
and he got out of bed .
and he said oh no !
I'm late for school !
he went in the kitchen and made himself some cereal .
and then he made some milk .
and he said oops !
I accidentally spilled the milk .
then he went to get all ready to get his clothes on .
and then he tied his shoes .
on accident he ripped one of his <> shoelaces .
and then he went outside .
he got his backpack .
and he ran outside as quickly .
and he missed the bus .
so then he hadta walk to school .
and then he went up to school .
and then his teacher said you're really late for school .
and that was the end .
one day Jake and Samantha had a picnic .
and then these aliens landed on picnic area .
and as soon as they could they hurdled over the bush .
and then all of the sudden there was these aliens caming [: coming] down .
then one of the alien's names was Jacob .
and he had a dog in his hand .
so they decided to have a picnic .
so then Samantha wanted to go over there .
and Jacob said no no .
they'll destroy you .
and then they had a plan .
then they went over there .
and they said hey this is our picnic area .
do you wanna share it ?
and Samantha and Jacob said sure .
and then they had a happy ending .
the end .
on tuesday mom was at home .
and the children came .
and mom said let's go out to eat tonight .
and the mom said where do you wanna go ?
and the kids said Mcdonalds .
and they got into the <> car and went to Mcdonalds .
Sara didn't know what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom did .
and Raymond wanted a hamburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and then mom wanted a salad .
and then Sara made up her mind .
she wanted a kidsmeal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk <> said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when mom tried to find her purse it wasn't there .
and she didn't have any money .
she had realized she left it on the kitchen counter .
okay the little boys name is David .
well David woke up one morning .
and he felt bad .
he felt like he was sick .
and his alarm clock was broken .
he went to the kitchen to make his breakfast .
but he spilled everywhere .
and he looked at the clock .
he was already late for school .
then he went to go tie his shoes to run to school .
but when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and then he went outside .
and he ran for the bus .
the bus had already left .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and then he got in trouble by the teacher .
well there was a little boy and a little girl .
and they were walking down a park .
and they saw a ship came in .
and the octopuses were coming out of it .
they had a family of octopuses .
and the girl tried to run over there and meet them .
but she couldn't because the boy was holding her back .
they seemed nice but they looked kind of weird .
when the boy and girl got back from school the mother asked what do you wanna have for dinner ?
and they shouted out Mcdonalds .
so they left the house .
and went to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the counter .
and the person who works there said twelve something .
and and their mother didn't have that much money because she realized that it was on the table .
and and the boy wanted a chicken burger with fries , and a vanilla milkshake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and the sister wanted a chocolate icecream .
the boy had slept very late .
and he tried to eat his breakfast .
but the milk carton broke .
and all the milk splashed out .
and then when he was trying to tie his shoe his shoe lace broke off .
and when he tried to get the bus the bus went without him because he was very late .
and then when he ran to school the principal said that he's too late .
one morning me and my friend went to the park .
and we saw a big , huge spaceship in the sky .
it landed right where our favorite tree was .
we saw a little girl with seven legs .
and we saw a mother with seven legs too .
and there are more aliens coming out of the spaceship .
it had fancy writing on the top of the spaceship .
and I wanted to see up close .
and my best friend tried to stop me .
and the dog had lots of hair on it look .
and the woman alien raised up her hand like she was saying hi to me .
and we ran back to the house telling our parents .
and they didn't believe us .
then we brought our family to the park .
but the aliens wasn't there or the spaceship .
and our parents didn't believe us at the first moment .
the mom said where where do you wanna eat ?
the boy said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and her reach in hers purse .
and her didn't have it .
and it it cost twelve dollar and fifty cents .
and the boy want a xxx xxx and happy meal and a large coke and a chocolate ice cream and fries .
(5.) and the boy a happy meal and a chocolate .
and the mom want (12.) let me think never mind .
the boy want a cheeseburger .
and that's it .
that boy wake up .
and him holding the alarm clock .
and him spill milk .
and hims [: his] lace broke .
and the bus drive .
and him was late .
and him gotta school .
and the teacher was mad .
that man or that lady grabbed the man's arm .
and that's his +...
and that lady waving goodbye .
and that lady holding hers daughter's hand .
and the dad smiled and walking .
and the baby on the child xxx holding the the +...
what is that ?
yeah , it is .
yep .
and the child and the mom talking .
and that lady laughing .
and that man worried .
how do you say that ?
and them in the bushes .
and that the trees and the table .
and that man almost off .
and that's it .
this gonna be hard .
I can't remember what the story .
they ask 0for some orders .
they left .
hey I don't remember .
<> they did nothing .
I'm ready .
a story ?
[<] .
he waked [% ew:wakes] up .
and he get [* m:a:0es] some cereal .
he pour [* m:a:0es] too much milk look at the clock .
he tie [* m:a:0es] his shoes .
his shoelace snapped off .
and he missed the bus and 0was late for school .
not bad .
I'm ready .
[>] .
okay .
there's [% d] some alien land on earth .
they're gonna <> vacation there .
and and then some children saw them .
they wanna go over there and say hi .
the end .
once there was a boy and a girl .
oh the girl's name was your name .
and the boy's name was Ron .
the mother her [% ew:she] said where do 0you wanna go out to dinner .
the children said Mcdonalds .
and they just jumped in the car .
mom went in the car 0and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Rebecca didn't know what to decide .
so so she +...
and the mom and Ron already picked it .
Ron got a cheeseburger with french_fries and a vanilla drink .
and and the mom had a salad .
she decided .
<> I'll take a kidsmeal <> with a coke and a <> icecream .
that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom left her wallet at home .
so they drove back .
it &*INV:mhm that's it .
what do I do ?
I just say this &*INV:mhm the story about this .
once there was a boy .
he woke up .
he got [% ew:was] late for school .
he ran downstairs ate cereal 0and tied his shoe .
then the bus left .
then the teacher said he was late for school .
once upon a time there was a girl name Samantha .
and there was a boy named jack .
they they found a spaceship in the bushes where the forest is is .
there were aliens inside .
and they all were living here for a little bit .
then she wanted to go meet them .
then he got scared .
so he didn't wanna go .
she said hi .
and there was boy .
she petted [% ew:pet] their dog dog .
the end .
I don't know .
name [% ew:named] Raymond and Lisa .
and then he he went in the car .
because it was in the car .
I don't know .
and then her mother drive [% ew:drove] .
then she going to the Mcdonald [% ew:mcdonalds] .
then he spotted an order .
then Lisa said I want 0a cheeseburger and french_fries .
then her mother said salad .
then she don't [% ew:didn't] have any money .
then she wants [% ew:wanted] 0a milkshake .
then she don't [% ew:didn't] have any money .
then the money is in the the kitchen in 0the house .
when +...
read it .
the clock is ringing .
and then after that the clock said ten .
then he was waking up .
then the clocks xxx .
then they want some cereal .
then he was tying his shoes .
but the knot but +...
and then the bus can leave .
then he was back to his home .
about the aliens .
that was who the aliens look .
the spaceships [% ew:spaceship] is coming .
the spaceships +...
the alien families that that's aliens [% ew:alien] mom and aliens [% ew:aliens] dad .
look the girl 0is just go [* m:0es] to see it .
I don't know .
I didn't heard [% ew:hear] it .
they got back home .
I said they got back home .
the boy woke up .
he made some breakfast .
he tied his shoes .
but the shoestring broke .
he missed the bus .
he was late for school .
well I don't know this kinda story .
there was a boy and a girl that found a spaceship .
they hid behind a bush .
aliens came out .
the girl want to see the aliens .
but the boy said that was a bad idea .
so they took off to see the aliens .
they were friendly .
she forgot her purse .
and they went to Mcdonalds for dinner .
and then they went there .
the little girl ordered a salad .
the little boy +...
I forgot .
the mom ordered a salad .
I forgot what he ordered .
and then she ordered +...
I can't remember .
she ordered a Happy_Kids_Meal .
then she reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
it was at home .
she realized that it was at home on the kitchen counter .
the boy wakes up .
he pours his cereal makes a mess .
then he tries to tie his shoes .
they break .
he chases after the school bus .
and then he's late .
and he tells his teacher why .
he doesn't wanna go over there because they see alien ship .
and then the aliens come out .
they look friendly .
but the boy's too afraid to go .
and it kinda looks like his sister wants to because she wants to meet them .
but they could be dangerous .
so it looks like they don't go .
&=sighs on thursday +...
that they were gonna eat eat somewhere .
that they were gonna eat somewhere .
and that mom came home .
she said where do yall wanna go ?
then they said Mcdonalds .
so they went there .
they ordered food .
but his mom couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal or a <> happy meal .
and that he +...
actually and Lisa said that she wanted a kidsmeal and a milkshake .
and that mom finally decided that she wanted the happy meal .
john ordered a kidsmeal with a vanilla icecream .
then the clerk said that that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then their mom said oops I forgot my purse at home .
so that she would needta go back and go get her purse from home .
one day Nicholas slept in too late .
and he looked at the time .
he said whoa .
I'm late for school .
and he jumped out of bed and and rushed to put on his clothes .
actually no and jumped out of bed to go eat breakfast .
oh no I poured the milk too much .
and and then Nicholas looked at the time .
oh no !
then he ate as fast as he could .
then he dressed dressed .
then he was too busy tying his shoe too hard .
the shoelace broke in half .
then when he just forgot about the time he was so worried about his shoelace the school bus passed him up .
so he was running after the school bus .
but the school bus was too fast .
so Nicholas was too late for school .
and the teacher said just too late .
one day Allie and Vic went down to a park to play and eat .
and then we saw this one bright orange thing up in the air .
it flew down towards us .
and we saw aliens come down .
there a was dog pink and vanilla color .
there was a kid .
I mean a girl and a mom and a dad and a big guy .
and they had more legs than us .
we saw bags with them that we didn't know what were in there .
then they <> came down .
they only thing you heard was pshpshpsh@c .
then we we went to go look at them even closer .
but but Vic said oh no I don't wanna go there .
they might be harmful .
they might suck us into earth .
they might +...
settle down settle down .
okay it won't be that bad at least to talk to aliens .
and then the alien spotted us .
then they just smiled .
we were surprised that they actually smiled at us .
I guess they were taking a vacation here .
um well I well I thought you said to like +...
well the mom said we're gonna go out to a restaurant I guessed .
and so the kids said they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and they ran and jumped in the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there the boy wanted fries and a big vanilla milkshake .
the mom wanted a salad .
the girl wanted a icecream cone .
and and the manager said it cost twelve dollars and fifty two cents .
so the mom looked down .
and the purse was left at home .
so so their hadta go back to the house and get the purse and just came back to Mcdonalds and paid for it .
well a boy waked up by his alarm clock .
he look at the time .
he was late .
he ran downstair(s) .
he was gonna have breakfast cereal .
he was trying to hurry up .
but he was going too fast .
his milk overflowed .
so he went and get his clothes off .
and the shoelace snapped .
he missed the bus .
and the teacher said you're not on time I guess .
now .
xxx I don't know .
on this one page .
xxx .
six well the aliens were in a ship .
then they went down to earth .
then they [>] out .
I am ?
and I'm xxx xxx going fast .
and then they came out of the ship .
yes .
then +...
and that's all .
no .
on tuesday +...
I forgot .
Lisa said to the kid &*INV:mhm we 0will go to eat tonight and where ?
Mcdonalds .
then they got a hamburger &*INV:mhm fries and a vanilla shake .
then Lisa want salad .
[<] how much it cost [* m:a:0es] .
twelve hundred and fifty cents .
then she lost her money .
and she go home [>] find it .
mhm .
she find it .
then she pay the man all the money .
what his name ?
maybe Tom .
he was getting up .
and he was getting up for [% ew:from] bed .
then he got for breakfast cereal .
and he spill [* m:0ed] milk .
he tie [* m:0ed] his shoes .
his shoelaces are broken .
then he is late for the bus .
and he walked .
her [% ew:his] teacher said you are late .
one day it was a spaceship .
there was a [% ew:an] alien .
and the kids saw it .
it's a [% ew:an] alien !
it's aliens mom aliens and dog alien and sister alien and brother alien dad alien .
and the aliens come outer space .
then they scream and run for their life .
and they tell them [% ew:their] moms and dads .
those are aliens .
then them [% ew:they] don't believe them .
then the kids take Tom and Jerry +...
Tom and Samantha tell their parents it wasn't aliens .
and Samantha said they were here a minute ago .
then at the end they saw aliens .
and they go home in [% ew:to] outer space .
that's the end .
okay .
one day when they were +...
I'm sorry .
I just don't know it .
is it okay if I get to the part at home ?
I don't know any about walking home .
you said we're going out tonight .
where where do you wanna go ?
to Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car got the keys and drove to Mcdonalds the closest one .
then something and then here's the rest .
then he knew that she didn't have her purse .
so so +...
and then they +...
is it okay if I say that ?
and then they drove back home .
then that's all I remember .
then do I hafta say the drove back home part ?
then they drove back home .
they said wait wait one second .
and then they drove drove back home as fast as she could go .
and then got her purse .
and then she went back .
[<] then she ordered the meals .
okay one day there was a kid .
he had a little bad dream .
so he got up .
he +...
it was school time .
he got some milk .
and it fell .
it was dripping all the way down .
and then he was late +...
and then when he tried to tie shoes it slipped .
a knot came off .
and then he was late because because the knot came off .
so he hadta get another shoe on .
then the the bus left from him .
and then he was late for school .
that's the end of my +...
and then +...
that's the end of my story .
[<] .
one day +...
I don't know .
what does that mean ?
well I don't know a name .
but one day two people were walking at the park .
and then they saw a [% ew:an] alien ship .
and then aliens came out .
three aliens and the ship .
and the the other alien was waving goodbye to them .
and then they flew off .
and then they moved into a house .
and they were +...
and they snuck up at the bushes .
and then they said hey cool aliens .
and they said I think +...
no no no I think no no .
I wanna go close to them .
don't think about it .
and then she went close to them .
and she said hi .
and then +...
I don't know the rest about the story .
but it's just kinda real interesting .
I'm trying to think as best as I can .
but that's the end .
they said hi .
and then they played a little bit .
then they went home like that .
they all went home like that .
the end .
first they came home from school .
and then their mom told them that they're gonna go out to eat .
the mom told [% ew:asked] them where they wanted to go .
but then they all yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
then they drove to the closest Mcdonalds .
then as soon as they got there the brother ordered a happy meal .
the mom ordered a salad .
the sister ordered an icecream cone and a happy meal .
then he said it's gonna be twelve 0dollars and fifty cents .
then whenever the mom went to her purse and look it wasn't there .
it was on the kitchen counter at home .
well first whenever he wakes up he goes to the kitchen .
and he gets some milk .
he pours his cereal .
then he eats .
then you get dressed .
then you put your shoes on .
then you get your backpack .
then you go out to wait for the bus right ?
but he's too late .
so he's say [* m:0ing] wait .
but the bus keeps going now because he was late .
and he walked to school .
the principal said why are you late .
he says because he missed the bus .
that's it .
first the aliens landed .
and the children he or she wants to go see them and stuff .
but the aliens are looking around .
and she's all oh look aliens .
he's all no those are scary aliens .
because he doesn't wanna go near them .
and then she looks around .
she can see that there's [% d] a a dog a son or a daughter the mom the dad .
and I guess that's the brother I think .
then she's all I wanna go talk to them and stuff .
he's all uhuh I ain't going over there [% examiner and child laugh] .
mhm .
and then that's it .
then they said the Mcdonalds story .
maybe they were getting hungry .
they were gonna get hungry .
mhm .
they were getting hungry because the mom went back home to get the money .
this kid is late waking up .
then he try [* m:a:0ed] to get some breakfast .
but then he's tying his shoe .
he was late for school .
the aliens were in space .
and they came to earth .
then they they brought their dog .
the dad alien he gots [: got] [* m:+es] the suitcase .
they wanna sleep over at the earth .
then this girl want to go see them .
[^ sighs] mm then the boy he doesn't want her to do it .
<> he afraid of aliens .
and they went after their sleepover .
then they will go back to space .
and they unpacked in space .
how could I do that ?
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
but her mom <> forgot her money .
they were jumping down and up .
they were jump up and down to go .
I'm telling the story ?
he got up in his bed .
and he go [% ew:went] to breakfast .
he got some cereal .
and he poured it .
and then he poured the milk .
and it got all over the place .
and the time was running out .
and he was mad +...
he got his clothes on and tied his shoes .
and he got his backpack and tried to catch up on the bus .
and then she found this old lady I think .
this thing looks like the pictures .
I do the story ?
once upon a time there was a ship going to a planet .
and they went down .
<> and they went out the door .
and these two kids went in the garage and found them .
and the girl was happy .
<> and the boy was scared .
and they looked at the aliens the whole time .
and and they went at [% ew:to] them .
and they went with them .
and they got caught .
but then they were nice .
then they lived happily ever after .
I forgot it .
they don't know what to eat .
but they just know now .
I don't know 0what the problem is .
they got a little bit mad because their mom left their money at home at [% ew:on] the kitchen .
he got out_o(f) bed .
and he was making <> cheerios .
he put milk .
it dry [* m:0ed] .
there's a_lot_o(f) milk he did .
it 0was coming down .
he's tying his shoe .
his shoe was broken .
he's late for school .
and he's late .
the aliens they try and live here for ten days to have fun .
and and they they were on a spaceship .
they go down .
the dad alien it's holding stuff .
the little alien have [% ew:has] a dog dog alien .
they wanna stay here for ten days .
then they're gonna go back to their planet .
that's it .
okay .
the girl and the boy Raymond and what's the girl's name ?
the girl's name is +...
okay .
they got home the mom said we're gonna eat out .
where you wanna go ?
the girl and the boy said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
and they hoped in the car went to the closest Mcdonalds and ordered .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french fries and a shake that was lemon .
the mom wanted a salad and a coke .
the girl wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and the mom reached for her purse said it was not there .
she accidentally left it on the <> kitchen counter .
this is called Late_to_school .
this boy slept in really really late .
and he slept and was five .
and he hadta eat his cereal put the milk eat eat eat get dressed tie his shoes .
he got up ate breakfast tried to tie his shoes one of them broke .
and then he tried to run for the bus .
the principal was standing there and says you're late for school .
and and you're suspended .
the end .
this is called The_Alien_Attack_The_Friendly_Aliens .
once there was a dad and a girl .
the dad was named Joe .
the girl was named Lisa .
they went up to walk walk walk walk .
they saw this spaceship landing .
and then they saw alien comes out .
and the dad said no no no no don't go there .
she was so excited oh say hi .
there was a girl dog a mom dad and a brother .
they went to their new house .
and then they eat lunch .
and then went back to the spaceship took their dog on a walk .
and then went back to the spaceship and blasted off again .
yes .
they sleeped out .
and the next day they went back on their spaceship and blasted off .
tuesday when Lisa and Blake got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you guys wanna eat ?
they said said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
when they wound up the nearest Mcdonalds they +...
Blake ordered a a Mighty_Kids_Meal with a shake .
mom ordered a salad .
and Teresa didn't know what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a coke and icecream cone .
and they asked him if he can hold it .
and they could go home and get it .
and the mom +...
he ordered some food with a milkshake .
and she ordered a salad .
and Trina order [* m:0ed] a happy meal with a <> black icecream cone .
one morning the boy got up from bed pour the breakfast .
his shoelace broke .
he was late for the bus .
and he was late to school .
once upon a time an alien ship landed .
and aliens came out .
and a little girl girl said [% ooh] let's go hide and say hi to them .
the boy said no they're evil .
they're aliens .
the end .
their mother said we're going out to eat .
and then the mother said where do you wanna eat ?
the children said Mcdonalds .
they just jumped in the car .
then Lisa ordered a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream and a +...
what's the boy's name ?
okay I don't know his name but he ordered a happy meal .
and he ordered a vanilla icecream .
the problem was they didn't have enough money .
the reason is they 0had to eat out because they don't [% ew:didn't] have food at their house .
okay I think +...
and that's all that I remember .
okay the boy was late for school .
he made his breakfast .
he tied his shoe .
and he was late for the school bus .
the principal was talking about he [% ew:him] was [% ew:being] late from [% ew:for] school .
the boy was very late for the school bus .
he didn't make it .
one time the boy and the girl was was [% ew:were] going out to play at the park .
and then once they saw a spaceship .
there was [% ew:were] aliens coming out of it .
and then they start hiding so the aliens won't mess with them .
probably the boy and the girl all went out to look in the spaceship .
the aliens found them .
they start to play with them .
I think that's all .
she forgot her purse on the <> kitchen table .
when her kid [* m:0s] got home for [: from] [* s:r] school she said we going out .
and and they kid [* m:0s] says [* m:a:+es] Mcdonalds .
when they first got into the restaurant she said uh +...
I I don't know .
first he get [% ew:got] up .
then he eat [% ew:ate] breakfast .
then he tie [* m:0ed] his shoe .
then he go [% ew:went] on a bus .
and then he go [% ew:went] to <> class .
they go .
I can't think of it .
but I don't know what happen [* m:0ed] .
first they come down .
then her friend come [* m:a:0es] .
and she was happy .
[<] .
the mom told Raymond then they were going out to eat .
they asked where do you wanna go .
they both xxx xxx and said Mcdonalds .
they went into the car .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
they they bought a happy meal and a a xxx xxx &=laughs think they bought .
and he realized she forgot her purse at home .
and I don't know what to put .
so they +...
she realized she forgot it at home .
I don't know what I oughta say .
Ryan woke up and pours hisself some cereal .
then he got late for school .
he missed the bus .
then he went walking to school &=laughs .
and then uh uh +/.
now he walking to class .
he he walked to school .
mhm .
he +...
so I don't know how to make any more .
he was walking to school .
[<] .
he's going in his classroom .
Daniel and Amy &*INV:repeats were walking .
and they saw aliens .
yeah .
the aliens were +/.
the aliens looked weird &=laughs .
yeah .
and and I can't think of anything .
there was a mom and a dad and a kid and a dog or something .
they were in the xxx xxx .
[<] .
end of the story .
I can't think of anything else for this story .
no .
[>] .
there was weird markings on the ship .
they couldn't get their meal .
I don't know .
he got out_o(f) bed and shut his clock off .
and he went to the table to get some cereal .
and he tied his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
and the bus left him behind .
and he's late for school .
there's aliens coming off an alien ship .
and they're coming .
they're scaring all the people off except this one lady .
the lady likes them .
they got [% d] a dog .
they got [% d] stuff for camp .
and +...
she went in the store .
and then she jump in the story .
you just hafta hit your bed right here .
and there's two other clock [* m:a:0s] .
he had 0to clean dishes and tie your shoes .
and and it's not sposta to be over there because you hadta tie it .
you don't have 0to tie this one .
then he missed the bus .
then they hadta go to school .
this alien go [* m:0es] over there .
and they stop .
I mean the little kid just got a dog .
and that's not a dog !
that's a sheep .
maybe .
that's all .
I wanna put a kid in there .
I wanna put a kid in there .
because I wanna .
because I wanna have a brother a_lot_o(f) times .
and then I wanna have a sister too .
eh uh .
.
.
anything about it .
xxx .
down .
eat the chicken nuggets .
he fell asleep .
he turned it over in the floor on the table .
he broke a string .
he broke a string .
and he's running .
the school bus is running the school bus .
that's a man .
her is walking .
he's running .
uhhuh .
and is in the xxx .
it's five o'lock [: o'clock] [* p:n] .
five o'lock [: o'clock] [* p:n] .
mhm .
this mom and this children this doggy .
uhuh .
xxx else happen .
uhhuh .
six they went there .
mhm .
it's dark in the camping .
dark in the camping .
they went camping ?
mhm .
uhhuh .
.
but I go 0to Six_Flags .
I go 0to Six_Flags .
fall down .
he +...
this one .
this one .
he need 0to stop this bus .
there's a +...
I see a [% ew:an] octopus .
a spaceship .
I see peoples [% ew:people] .
I see a dog .
I see 0a table .
I see a hand .
I see trees .
I see grass .
I see 0a dress .
I see clouds .
their mom said we'll go to Mcdonalds .
and they all did stuff .
and then they didn't bring the purse .
yes .
the boy was late for school .
he was getting dressed .
he was getting late for school .
and he was walking down the sidewalk .
he he tried looking for the bus .
and he got in late .
the family is getting out .
then they were getting ready .
and they were going to work in school .
the boy and the girl ordered +/.
they went to Mcdonalds .
and the boy <> ordered a hamburger and fries a milkshake .
and the girl <> ordered a happy meal with a small coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and her mom ordered salad .
but when they gotta the register the guy said you needta pay me twelve dollars and eighty seven cents .
and she said oops I forgot my money at home .
when the boy got up he he knew that he was late for school .
and he was very very tired .
and he poured his cereal .
and he was trying to pour the milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
and he didn't clean it up .
and looked at the clock .
and he knew he hadta get his tennis shoes on .
but the tennis shoe laces broke .
so that's why he can't tie his shoe .
so then he got his backpack on .
and the schoolbus was waiting for him .
but the schoolbus left .
and he's like wait up wait up .
and it looks like the principal is standing outside saying you are late .
and he's walking up there frowning .
he might miss some school work or get in trouble or xxx give his mom a call .
well there <> these octopus .
they look like alien .
and they just arrived from their special ship .
and this guy's like no no what are you doing ?
but the it looks like the mom wants to go meet them .
and the lady's hi waving and stuff .
and it's like a spaceship .
and it looks like they're from outer space .
and they look like they're just going to move here .
and they have a dog .
and it's a sunny day .
when when they both got back from home their mother asked what do you wanna go out ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds that they could find .
then they told what they wanted .
but the problem was that the mother can't find her wallet .
once there was a boy .
he went to school .
but his alarm clock banged his head .
xxx .
the alarm clock ringed .
and he bumped his head on the ceiling .
and then he was too busy looking at the clock .
and he forgot about the milk and the cereal .
and then he was in a rush and tieing his shoe .
but it broke .
so he ran there .
and he went to the bus but it missed .
and the teacher said that you are late for school .
once there was two people walking to the park , a boy and a girl .
when they were walking a ship came down and landed .
and it opened .
and they were right behind the bush because they were scared .
and the girl wanted to go away and say hi to them .
but he was too scared to ask .
then when they looked at them they got on the ship .
and they ran .
and they were aliens .
and then they just xxx .
maybe they might just take a picture of them .
and maybe then they tell their parents about it ?
they were hungry .
mom says where do you wanna eat ?
and they yell Mcdonalds .
so that the kids hopped in the car .
and the mom drove the nearest Mcdonalds .
so they went in there .
but the girl didn't know what she want a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but <> her brother her mom know what they wanted .
and she decided that she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
and that's all I remember .
the mom forgot her money .
Billy hadta go to school .
and it was eight thirty .
so he got some breakfast .
he ate it all .
but he made a mess .
his mom said clean it up .
so he did .
and he ran to his room .
he was tying his shoelace .
but it broke .
then he got his bookbag and went out the door .
and he missed the bus .
so he went after it .
so he walked to to the school .
so when he got there his teacher was standing at at the door .
and she said look whats time it is .
it's ten o'clock .
you're late .
you got detention after school .
so he went in there looking sad .
James and Molly went to the park .
and when they got there they see something in the sky .
Amy yelled a u_f_o .
so they hide behind the bush and start looking .
and there was the aliens coming out a boy a girl and a father and a dad and a dog .
and Molly ran home and saw her brother .
they tell their mom .
but their mom didn't believe it .
so she said you are lying .
so go to your room and stay in there the rest of the day .
Lisa and Raymond and their mother were sposta go out to dinner .
and the mother asked where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted out loud they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and when they went to Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't <> decide what she wanted .
if she wanted a kid's meal or a Bigger_Mac .
and Raymond and his mother <> knew what they wanted .
and Lisa went first .
she said she wanted a kid's meal with a chocolate cone .
and Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake shake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and the clerk said that it costed twelve ninety five .
and when the mother reached inside her purse her purse was lost .
and she forgot that it was on the kitchen table .
Billy one day woke up from school .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was running late .
he was rushing to school .
and he was looking at the clock at the same time .
and he spilled the milk .
meanwhile as he was getting dressed he snapped his shoelace in two .
and then when he walked outside he was late for the school bus .
when he reached the school the teacher was waiting outside and said he was very late .
one day Brian and Raquel went to the park to have a picnic .
and they saw this u_f_o .
and Brian said there is no such thing as a u_f_o .
and then she said yes it is .
because it's landing .
and they saw aliens with a family coming out to have a picnic also .
and then Brian tried to take Raquelle back home to go tell everybody what they saw .
she took his hand and took him to say hi to the aliens .
Molly <> couldn't make up her mind <> with what she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and the boy couldn't decide where he wanted to go ?
and that the mom left her purse at home .
and when they were getting ready to go out they decided what they wanted .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and Lisa got a kidsmeal with a coke and fries but not not a coke a icecream cone or chocolate with a chocolate .
and the boy ordered a Big_Mac with fries and a milkshake .
the mom <> ordered a <> salad .
and the price was two dollars and five cents .
and that's all I know .
can I make up a name ?
okay .
nick was in bed .
and his alarm clock went off too late .
so he rushed downstairs .
and he overflowed the milk from his bowl .
and when he was done with his cereal he went to go get his clothes on .
and when he was tying his shoes the string <> broke .
by the time he was out and ready the schoolbus had left his house .
and when he gotta school the principal was very mad at him because he was late .
Nicky and and his sister <> were riding on a trail .
and they saw a spaceship .
and they saw aliens coming out of it .
so his sister starting running to the aliens .
and Nicky <> tried stopping her .
but she couldn't stop .
so she kept running .
and the aliens started waving at her .
and his sister thought the spaceship was going to Lisa who was going to get on it .
and Nicky was going to hafta run home and tell his dad and mom that Melissa went on a spaceship that had aliens on it .
and so his dad and mom started running back to that spot .
and they didn't see the aliens or the spaceship .
so his parents said you must be full of it .
and then Nicky <> tried to tell them no I'm not .
and then the spaceship came back and Nicky Melissa was was and the alien like them .
but Nicky didn't know that .
so he ran home and got his parents .
and his parents came .
and they saw the aliens .
and his parents said okay tell me which one of them is Melissa .
and and Nicky said I don't know which one is Melissa .
all I know is that she went on a spaceship and went up to the sky .
and his parents said ooh let's just go home and have dinner .
so they left Melissa with the aliens .
Lisa wanted a happy meal a icecream cone .
and and a boy wanted a cheeseburger .
so they didn't have any money .
so they ordering man said its fifty cents and .
uhhuh .
first he got up .
then he got dressed .
then he ate breakfast .
then he went to school .
and after that he got home .
[ he gotta school .
he hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] to walk to school .
and now he was there .
one day there were kids there .
and then they they were outside .
and they saw this really really +...
they look like the <> octopus .
but they're not but see um .
they look like +...
because they were on this really really +...
they were at the astronaut or or an airplane .
so so then then <> there was a goat .
and the the kid hold the leash .
and they were all smiling <> but him .
then those kids were acting probably rude or something .
and so then they were they got back .
and that girl did this .
and the little kid was looking like they said hi to the goat .
so +...
no .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond their mom told them that they were gonna go out tonight .
and she asked where do you wanna go ?
and the kids answered Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and she was deciding between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered cheeseburger , a large vanilla vanilla shake , and french fries .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and the mother reached down to get the purse .
and it wasn't there .
and so that's it .
[^ child whispering] Joe <> woke up one morning .
and he looked at the clock .
and it was half past nine .
and he poured cereal and poured a lot of milk .
and <> he spilled it .
and he was still looking at the time .
0 .
and he got his clothes on .
and then all of a sudden his shoelace broke .
and then he got his backpack .
and then he tried to catch up with the bus because it already left .
and he was late .
and the principal was waiting for him .
and she was pointing to her watch and saying you're late !
and he walked to the classroom with a tardy slip .
one day Mary_jane and Raymond went over to have a picnic with their family .
and they went through the woods .
and then they saw <> this spaceship that had some weird writing on it .
they couldn't understand it .
and then they saw aliens come out .
they had a lot of legs .
and they had a pet dog or whatever it is .
and Raymond said let's go let's go .
and Mary_jane said no let's go .
and then Mary_jane went over to the aliens and said hi .
and then the aliens started attacking them [% child laughs] .
and then she ran off .
and she screamed .
and then they went to tell their parents .
but they said they had proof .
and then they they brought their parents back .
and the spaceship was gone and same with the aliens .
and after they told their parents they forgot everything what they saw .
I don't know it .
I don't know .
blah_blah_blah_blah@o .
I can't know .
I don't know .
they couldn't <> go out to eat because they had problems .
and their problem was that they didn't have the money .
and I don't know .
0 .
0 .
I don't know .
I don't know one .
there's a boy woke up and when his his &*INV:leave_it_open timer came on .
and he was pouring his milk .
and it was dropping while he was looking at the time .
and his shoelace broke .
and he was angry .
then he missed the bus by a mile away .
and he gotta school late .
0 .
there was this boy and girl .
and this alien ship landed on earth .
and &*INV:mhm the girl Marshall was trying running for the alien .
and she grabbed his hand and started to run .
but he said no I don't wanna go .
they might be dangerous dangerous .
but she wanted to go .
and the aliens were taking &*INV:repeats their camping stuff out .
and and then the other alien in the ship said bye .
but they all got off .
and he said bye and tooked [: took] [* m:+ed] off .
but lane didn't wanna go .
but Marshall tried to run .
but she couldn't .
and then they went around one tree and tried to <> get as close as they wanna get .
and then they saw the ship take off .
and they all went off .
they were looking around .
and soon it was night .
and then when it was night their eyes go yellow .
and they could [>] +/.
and that night that it was dark .
and then the aliens' eyes go green .
and they could see in the dark .
uhhuh .
and then the ship went outer space .
and then they all had fun .
but they couldn't find any peoples .
but the peoples are the aliens and went home .
but these <> two didn't .
they wanna say hi to the aliens .
that's all .
the end .
the mom she said we're gonna go eat out tonight .
and the kid [* m:0s] decided that they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
after they got done with that they they went to Mcdonalds .
then when they gotta the counter +...
then Raymond he order [* m:0ed] a cheeseburger with a milkshake .
Lisa she order [* m:0ed] a Kid_Meal with a milkshake .
her mom ordered some salad .
but she didn't have the money in her purse .
<> alright +/.
yeah .
I'm sposta to read the story ?
he got out_o(f) bed .
and he put some milk in his bowl .
then he 0was tryin(g) to tie his shoes .
he was tryin(g) to catch the bus .
now he missed it .
well he was tryin(g) to to make some cereal .
but he sposta put the cereal first before he did that .
and then he tried to tie his shoes .
but the string broke .
and he tried to catch the bus .
but he was too late .
and he <> hadta walk to school .
he got in trouble .
<> I don't know this .
a +...
do I start from right here or here ?
well the alien was coming out of the ship .
and they was saying bye to another alien .
and then when the other alien got off of the ship the goat started looking at +...
I don't know .
I don't know this storys .
and the goat started looking at the alien on the +...
the goat started looking at the alien .
and the little girl started looking at the goat .
the goat looked at her .
the boy and the girl was <> standing up and do something .
he was +...
after they probably got over there she was holding his hand .
and he was like no no no !
he was doing something .
these are aliens .
I don't think I know this story .
I think I don't know this story .
it's probably hurry up to get to the aliens probably .
I don't know .
first they wanna go 0to Mcdonalds .
and they go 0to Mcdonalds .
the mom forgot the purse .
they wanted the the two two of the kids and one sister .
they wanted 0a cheeseburger and want 0a chocolate shake and 0a vanilla shake .
I forgot everything .
okay .
first he waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up and eat breakfast 0and put his clothes on .
he's late for school .
and teacher's mad at him .
a little girl is going .
but those aliens are going somewhere else .
they're with aliens .
some aliens come over here .
and the dad said no don't go .
but hers want to run over there and see what's over there .
and I don't know .
they left school .
and they went home .
their mom said we're going out tonight .
what do yall wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds yelled .
they got in car .
they drove to Mcdonalds to the counter .
then <> the boy order [* m:0ed] a cheeseburger and a white milkshake .
mom order [* m:0ed] salad .
and and Lisa order [* m:0ed] a kidsmeal and french_fries and a chocolate icecream and soda .
not waking up &*INV:mhm eating breakfast tying his shoe trying to get to the bus .
he gotta school by walking .
once upon a time there was a dad and a girl .
and one time brother and her sister .
they saw a spaceship coming down .
aliens were coming out a dog a kid mom and dad and a sister .
the girl wanted to talk to them .
but the boy tried to stop her .
but she didn't stop .
she grabbed the boy [* 0's] hand and running to them .
the aliens saw them .
and they helped them carry their bags .
the end .
on +...
all I remember 0is on tuesday .
and that's all .
the girl ordered that food .
and the mom didn't have that money .
she forgot the money at home .
and uh +...
I don't know .
first he gets up from bed .
then he spill [* m:0es] milk 0and <> tie [* m:a:0es] his shoes after his laces broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] off missed the bus .
and he's late for school .
the aliens got off the ship .
and the alien in the ship 0is saying bye .
the dog is kinda freaky .
the people is kinda freaky too .
the girl wants to go see them .
the boy's saying no .
that's all .
the boy left his lunchbox .
and the girl just said to him the crash was my lunchbox .
just guessing .
the man waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up .
and she was pouring milk .
it spilled .
then he was tying his shoes .
but it broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] .
and then then his dad +...
then he walked to the bus .
but it left .
and he went at a store .
that's 0what my story 0is about .
that girl was running in there .
she wanted to get by that dog .
but the dad grabbed her .
and she said no those are humans .
they're not like us .
and they're like unchopping light .
what are those ?
I don't know what that is .
but those humans had a dog .
but her dog didn't wanna let her pet it .
she was keep running .
then her dad almost fall down .
then they were trying to eat .
then they got back home and go back up .
that's 0what my story 0is about .
just a minute .
I got some more things to do .
before their went up their ate lunch .
then the horse and mans [: men] [* m:=s] 0were coming .
and the the girl and the boy hide .
those humans say who are you .
I have a gun .
who can be dead and be alive ?
but those mans [: men] [* m:=s] took it .
and that's 0what my story 0is about .
they just got back <> to +...
<> the school was over .
and they just got back home .
and they said we're going out to eat .
where should we go ?
the kids said Mcdonalds .
and they went to the closest <> Mcdonalds .
and they went in .
and they ordered some food .
and +/.
mike ordered a large hamburger and chocolate shake and some fries .
and their mom ordered salad .
and and Lisa +...
and she ordered a kidsmeal and an icecream cone and some fries a vanilla icecream cone .
and it costed ninety nine dollars .
and they looked in their purse .
and their mom reached out to her purse .
it wasn't there .
it was on the kitchen counter at home .
this boy got up late .
and he was xxx on breakfast .
his shoelace got snapped .
he was late for the bus .
and then he was late for school .
no .
that's all the pictures .
these kids were playing outside .
and this alien ship landed .
the girl wanted to go out .
and the boy said no .
and these aliens came out .
and they were creepy looking .
and then they came out .
and the aliens were scared .
and so the aliens went back on their alien ship .
and they flew away .
and then they went home and told their moms and dads .
and then their mom and dad didn't believe them .
no .
the kids came home from school .
and his mom said we're going out to eat dinner .
and she asked the kids where they wanted to go .
and the kids yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds nearest the house .
and they went in .
and they asked I want a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
it was chocolate .
and the mom ordered 0a milkshake and a cheeseburger and a kidsmeal .
and the moms reached out her purse .
and she needed to get twelve dollars and ninety nine cents .
and she forgot her purse there .
she went back and got it came back and gave the money to the person .
and then they got dinner .
the boy woke up with the clock in his hand .
and he woke up and poured some flour stuff on him .
and then he tied his shoe .
then he ran after the bus .
then he came late .
and the teacher's standing outside .
<> and that's all .
the aliens came out_o(f) the ship .
and these people were running .
and the girl was holding the hand .
and then the the alien boy brung [: brought] out clothes and stuff .
and the girl hold the little girl's hand .
and the little girl holded [: held] [* m:=ed] the dog .
and the spaceship flew away .
and then they sat down and ated [: ate] [* m:+ed] a lunch .
that's all .
[^ sigh] her mom asked her <> what <> to eat .
the two sisters said Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds the nearest one .
and they asked them what they wanted .
but I forgot what they wanted &=laughs .
and she forgot her money at at her house .
that's all I remember .
I think I'm gonna call it that he can't tie his shoes .
first he wakes up in the morning knowing that it's school time .
and he's very sleepy .
he doesn't look 0at what he's <> doing .
he's pouring it in a bowl .
he has the cereal right there .
he's spilling a_lot .
then right here he ties his shoe .
he's looking straight not not at it .
he pulls the shoelace off .
then he misses his bus .
his teacher gets mad at him .
the first thing that happened is when they were walking I think by the park something dropped by .
and it scared the boy .
the girl was happy .
she was running to it .
the ship said something on the top and had stuff gashing [: gushing] [* p:w] through it .
there was a whole bunch of grass .
and there's like I they're aliens .
octopuses they have long how many eight legs ?
one two three four five six seven eight .
they have eight legs .
and the dog has four legs .
the other people they're just walking along .
then she tries to pet the dog .
I think .
it's a sunny hot day .
the octopuses I think are gonna have a picnic .
and the boy's warning her to not go over there .
he's like stop .
that's all .
I forgot [>] ?
with the boy 0and with the bed .
no .
I don't know .
[^ coughs] I don't know one .
I just don't know a story .
I'm ready to finish .
when they came back from school <> their mom ask what kind of restaurant 0did they wanna eat .
and they yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
they mom drove them to there .
Lisa said I don't know what I want yet .
so Max and his mom know what they want .
so Max order [* m:0ed] a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and his mom order [* m:0ed] a salad .
his sister said I know what I want now a cheeseburger and a coke and icecream .
but they mom left her +...
she digged in her purse .
and it wasn't there .
so she left it at the kitchen counter .
she woke up from bed .
and it was time to get up .
she went to the kitchen and went to go get cereal .
she wasted the milk .
she was putting on her shoes .
she broke her shoelace .
she went to school .
and she was late for the bus .
the bus left .
her teacher said it's time to get to class .
you get a c@l .
you were late for the bus to come Samantha .
you shoulda let the teacher tie your shoe .
and you shoulda let your mom wake you up .
and you shoulda let your mom take you to the busstop .
I'm done .
there was a alien ship coming down from the sky .
and we didn't know there was aliens .
so we looked .
and Chris got scared .
Chris said no no let's don't go .
the baby alien had a little dog .
his sister Janie she said come on let's go .
they was happy .
they was gonna have a picnic and a <> good summertime .
the baby alien said let's play doggy .
the big sister she just said I'll relax in the <> spaceship and come and get me when we go in the swimming pool so I 0can get dressed in my bathing suit .
his dad said okay .
so they went out and went 0to go look for some food .
and they went to go get a buffalo .
they killed a buffalo .
and Jamie said cool let's go meet them .
Chris said don't because they might be bad .
they might be mean .
and they might kill you .
Jamie said they won't kill us .
they are good aliens .
I'm done .
once Jessica and john's mom asked them where do you wanna go out to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and then <> she said hop in the car .
and then they hoped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and Jessica couldn't decide to get a big kids meal a happy or meal .
and the brother ordered a hamburger and and .
Jessica finally decided she would get a happy meal .
and she ordered a hamburger and [% (0:12.)] a coke with <> a chocolate cone .
and that cost twelve fifty .
and when Jessica's mother reached for her purse she realized she left it on the the kitchen counter .
once upon a time a a boy named john woke up too late and didn't have enough time to have breakfast .
then when he tried to tie his shoe one of the laces broke off .
and it took him even longer to get to the school bus .
and he missed the school bus .
and he felt sad .
and then he hadta miss school that day .
one one day Alex and Jen <> set off to go to the park .
and then they heard this strange noise coming from behind a bush .
then they peeked over and saw this u_f_o with aliens coming out .
and this little alien holding an alien dog dog .
and Jen wanted to go and talk to them .
and Alex said don't no wait .
and Jen tried to pull him to go with her .
and then the aliens walked away without even noticing them .
and then Jen yelled at Alex .
and they never followed them again in the spaceship .
I don't know .
they did good .
and they xxx .
<> [<] .
they have fun .
they did great .
I don't know +...
first they they put on their pajamas .
they got dressed .
and then they spilled their milk .
what happened ?
what happened here ?
and then they tied their shoe .
and then they waited and went all the way to the bus .
and then they got packed up .
and then they hadta get their coat .
and they clapped [% child clapping] .
it's windy xxx .
she's sad .
why ?
is when they caught fire .
would you please make sure when we get something okay ?
then are we can play ?
they pushed in .
and then they came out .
that's what they did .
okay are we done yet ?
the mom tolded [: told] [* m:+ed] +...
I mean the kids was at school .
and then they came back .
their momma said we're going to eat somewhere .
so what do you wanna eat ?
and they say Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and went to the close Mcdonalds .
and then the mom forgot her purse or something .
then they pay for food .
but they they didn't have no money to pay .
but they forgot .
yeah .
the boy was waking up .
then he went downstairs to get some +...
I got cereal .
I got a cereal .
then then he <> teared [: tore] [* m:=ed] up his string .
he ran to the bus .
but it was too late .
but then he walked .
but he was late .
that's it .
there's aliens .
and and they came on a world .
then this girl wants to go meet them or see .
but the boy's holding her hand .
and the girl's holding her hand .
but the boy's saying no .
but the boy thinks that they're tryin(g) to +...
we're aliens .
we can't go buy anything .
that's it .
their mother said where do you wanna eat .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
then she didn't have her purse .
she ordered salad .
then the boy order [* m:0ed] a hamburger and fries and a shake .
then the girl ordered a happy meal and fries and a shake .
okay first he looks like his clock wakes him up .
and then he spills milk .
his shoelaces come off .
the bus goes without him .
and he 0at at school .
he's late .
there is two people .
and then there's a alien dog and alien in their ship .
she's saying hi .
uhuh .
but first the mother was saying where do yall guys wanna eat Mcdonalds ?
and then then they went to the car .
then they went to the driveway .
then the kids were tryin(g) to think what they want .
the boy wanted a cheeseburger .
then the girl made 0up her mind .
she wanted french_fries <> and a milkshake and 0an icecream cone .
that's all .
and it costs twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but but first when the boy was sleeping .
and then the boy was late for school .
and then he was tryin(g) to eat breakfast .
he was tryin(g) to to eat breakfast .
and he didn't have cereal in his bowl .
he just put in milk .
and then he ate it .
and then he was tryin(g) to tie his shoes .
and then he got a problem because the laces were in his pants .
and then he was late for the bus .
and then he walked to school .
and then he walked to school .
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl .
and they are going on a picnic .
and then there's a spaceship over the picnic .
and then they wanted to live there .
and then the boy said I not gonna go there .
and then the girl said I wanna go there .
and the end .
okay .
Lisa and [% (0:3.)] Raymond .
when her mom said they're going out to eat pick something .
Mcdonalds they shouted out .
so they jumped in the car .
and their brother ordered a hamburger a fry and a strawberry <> milkshake .
and the sister wanted a hamburger a fry and a chocolate cone .
and they didn't have enough money for it .
he got up from bed .
he was pouring milk .
his shoelace snapped .
he missed the bus .
and he wasn't on time [% (0:3.)] on school .
and that's it .
when the aliens dropped they had a dog a daughter a dad .
and the girl and her friend xxx .
and the girl wanted a see them .
but he grabbed on to them .
and he was like ahhh@c .
and that's all .
and the driver was right there .
and they got this chinese symbol .
the mother asked where do you wanna go .
they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and her mother found the closest Mcdonalds .
when they pulled up the mom and bonnie already knew what they wanted to get .
but Lisa she was still choosing .
she ordered a chocolate icecream with a drink .
and the guy said that would be twenty two cents .
and the mother left her purse on the kitchen counter .
in the morning he got up .
then he ate his cereal .
but then the milk spilled .
and then they had no more milk .
then he put on his shoes .
but then the lace broke .
he was late for the bus .
and then he went to school .
but then the teacher said you are <> really late .
the end .
the aliens were in outer space .
they decided to take a trip to earth .
and when they landed the girl want to try to see the aliens .
but the boy said stop because what if they tried to hurt you .
they might be poisonous .
you never know said the boy .
but the girl went .
but the girl hided [: hid] [* m:=ed] behind the bush .
and then the aliens saw the boy and girl .
they ran home .
but it was just a dream .
there's a girl and boy .
and I remember the part .
they jump in the car .
and and they went to Mcdonalds .
they order a vanilla milkshake .
they ordered a salad and a cheeseburger with french_fries .
that's it .
this is the first picture second third fourth fifth .
then it's in a single line .
his head hurts .
and it's ten thirty .
he did that .
but he tied his shoe .
but his shoestring is breaked [% ew:broken] .
and he got ready .
he was tryin(g) to to get on the school bus .
he got in school .
he was running .
that's it .
I just know .
I give up .
there's an alien ship with aliens on earth .
and they're tryin(g) to live there .
the girl and the boy was looking .
they are tryin(g) to get in the ship .
but they they want their whole family to be in there .
so they bring their mom and dad over there and and went on 0the ship and check it out what its look like .
and the aliens just came back and kicked them out_o(f) there .
they just play around the park .
that's it of my story .
I said that 0the <> mom and dad and brother and sister they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ate .
dad asked them for a other one .
that was chocolate chip icecream and a hamburger and fries and 0a chicken nugget .
then he went to get his daughter something .
the dad said what do you want daughter ?
the daughter said I want chicken nuggets dad and a pizza .
then dad said 0to the little brother what do you want ?
I want fries and icecream and juice .
and then he said that's it that you want ?
yes sir .
and then dad asked the mom what do you want ?
she said I want a dinner to eat .
I want anything to eat .
I eat at work .
I eat at school .
I eat at school too daughter and son .
and mom said I eat at work .
daughter said I eat at school .
brother said I eat at school .
the end .
okay .
he got up .
and his head was hurting .
then he went to go eat breakfast .
but he accidentally spilled it .
and then he was trying to tie his shoes .
but the shoestring went through his leg .
and then he was trying to run after a bus .
the bus left .
and then he went to school .
he walked .
okay .
it was the kids the aliens and mom and dad .
they looked at the aliens .
they were octopus I mean .
octopus they had a case .
they had a head .
they have a little dog .
and then the trees were green .
they had a table with sticks .
then <> the lady had a hand .
then they have that little spaceship with that big thing .
and dad said come back come back .
do not come back there no more .
if you do you can get killed by those aliens .
they are too big too too tall .
and they [* 0're] older than you because you are fourteen .
they are twenty .
the end .
yeah .
they got a house .
they got a big dog .
and the dog will sic you if you will not mess with it .
they got a school name Windamere_primary_school .
at there's not to hurt people .
Windamere is good .
they help you to learn .
once upon a time Nina and mark want to ask his mom to go to Mcdonalds .
and his mom drove to Mcdonalds at night .
mark ask for a Big_Mac french_fries and a large milkshake .
mom want a salad .
Nina xxx not to wanted .
Nina want a happy meal with a drink and french_fries .
and the lady said that must be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the problem was [% clears throat] his [% ew:their] mom forgot his [% ew:her] purse .
his mom drove back home and go found his purse .
she found his purse .
he may give the lady twelve dollars and fifty cents .
I may call this +...
once upon a time +...
this morning he woke up .
and he had a fever .
and then he looked at the clock .
then he put milk in the bowl pour [* m:0ed] all 0the milk in the bowl .
that's whats the problem was .
then he don't know how to tie his shoe .
he be late for the bus .
and his teacher <> said what's wrong xxx ?
I I was late for the bus .
okay once upon a time I saw the alien ship who has alien people .
and the girl hadta run and went no no don't !
if the alien +...
the dad has suitcase .
his mom take care of the kids and his dog maybe or donkey .
they [* 0're] having fun .
they saw grasses and trees and picnic tables .
they're seeing everything cool in the state .
and maybe this alien is waving .
maybe he's just gonna close up .
the alien ship will maybe go up so they could see the world .
mhm .
one day there were two children named Lisa and [% (0:4.)] Eric .
Eric .
and their mom said we're going out <> tonight for dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds they both yelled .
so they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa's mom asked what do you wanna eat ?
Lisa didn't know .
she either wanted a hamburger or a cheeseburger .
and when they gotta the counter Eric decided he wanted a cheeseburger and french fries a vanilla shake .
and when it was Lisa's turn she finally made up her mind .
she decided to have a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
then when she ordered that the counter person said [% (0:3.)] that would be twelve thirty three .
so the mom reached into her purse .
but she noticed that she had left the the money back at the counter at <> home .
done .
one day a boy named Tom got out of bed .
his head really hurt .
and he was late for school .
so he got downstairs without dressing .
and he poured some milk for his <> cereal .
but it overflowed when he was looking at the time and not at his cereal bowl bowl .
later on he got ready for school .
he broke his shoelace .
so it took a longer time time for him to get to the bus .
and it took a long time to get to the bus an hour .
and the bus driver couldn't wait any long .
so it just drove out without him .
so Tom hadta walk to school .
and he was very late .
mhm .
one day a girl named Lisa and a boy named Matthew are walking towards the woods .
when they got there a ship was there .
and and octopus like aliens came out .
Lisa <> went right out to greet them .
Matthew stopped her .
he said no no they'll probably explode you with evil guns .
and then then Michelle said no way .
then Matthew convinced her to go back .
so they did .
and and when the next day they came but not Matthew Lisa went over to greet them because they were still there .
and they were so nice .
and when they went home Matthew Matthew went went with her back to the forest to to see them .
and he thought they were nice too .
the end .
okay .
first after school +...
[% blows] and the boy's and girl's mother asked where they wanted to go eat .
and the boy and girl yelled Mcdonalds .
then they went there .
and then they ordered a Big_Kids_Meal a coke and <> [% pllth] a a icecream cone .
and they ordered chocolates .
the mother ordered salad .
and then their mother forgot +...
I mean the salad ordered a big +...
and the the salad cost twelve dollars and fifty fifty cents .
then their mother forgot their money on the kitchen table at home .
[% grunts and sighs] I can't still remember what the boy boy's name and the girl's name .
oh and now I remember .
even they ordered a a icecream cone now .
I thought they ordered strawberry because strawberry's very good .
they <> should have bought strawberry instead of chocolate .
I know that chocolate is their favorite .
but I thought they were going to get cherry or strawberry .
okay they +...
first it was time to wake up .
he got some breakfast .
he he got dressed up .
he couldn't tie his shoes all because of his shoelace .
it pssst@c broke off .
and then the school bus took off and left him .
is this a school ?
I think this is his school .
and that's his school teacher I think .
maybe that's not the right school he's at .
okay .
first those +/.
are these octopuses ?
an octopus dog .
I don't know .
oh these are .
these are fat .
oh and even that one .
I thought this was a boy .
and then first they &*INV:talk_loud they they had a rocketship house .
and then their parents went went to something .
I don't know .
and then these two people were were hiding in the grass .
they found five fat octopuses .
one was in the rocketship .
and three were out .
and then the girl was smiling .
and the boy was was feeling badly because they were +...
then I think he told them don't go there .
they're octopuses .
and they're all big and fat even that fat xxx dog .
and then <> maybe they went to go outside and eat lunch or go to the woods or something like that .
but then these guys almost went to go see them .
and then so he yelled stop .
don't go there .
they have a fat dog .
they can bite you .
and then this one said come on let's go in the rocket ship and see what they got .
and then he said oh all right .
huh ?
then +...
and then this girl was holding the leash of the dog so he won't run away .
then I think he was all packed up to go here to eat .
then they lived in 0a rocketship .
and I think the rocketship went up .
and then I see the smoke [% fwoo] .
and they flew away .
they +...
and then when these guys were sneaking up to <> get in here to see what they got they didn't know what door to open .
let's try to cut it .
oh we don't have any knife .
we can use our fingers .
so they went in there whenever <> they were sleeping here whenever they were full .
and then they went very quietly into the rocketship .
and <> they saw it was a very spooky octopus .
so they yelled ahhh@c let's get out of here [% fwoo] .
and they broke the rocketship .
and it all fell down in pieces .
that's the end .
they got back to school .
and mom said where do you wanna go out to eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
they drive to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and the girl wanted 0a cheeseburger and a drink and icecream and french_fries .
mom wanted a salad .
the boy wanted chicken nuggets and a drink and french_fries .
and it was forty eight cents .
they drove back home and get the money on the kitchen counter and drove back where is the nearest Mcdonalds .
she payed for it .
then they ate there at Mcdonalds .
then they played on the playground .
that's all I could remember .
first he was tying his shoe .
then he was eating some breakfast .
first he got out 0of bed .
then he was at his stop .
and the bus taked [: took] [* m:=ed] off .
he was running to catch the bus .
they are going out of the ship .
and they're gonna eat something .
they tie a dog around a tree .
they are gonna eat .
the boy and girl went in the grass and 0are gonna run out .
the girl is gonna hold the dog .
the boy is gonna leave the spaceship .
he is still in there .
the spaceship is gonna fly .
it was nice outside .
that's all I could tell you .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and the mom order [* m:0ed] a Big_Mac .
the boy order [* m:0ed] 0a Big_Mac .
his sister order [* m:0ed] 0a kidsmeal .
then um um +...
I forgot .
he's getting up out of bed 0and pouring milk in his bowl .
but he's done eating breakfast .
he puts on his shoes tying it .
he goes to his bus stop .
and he's at school .
indians got off the ship .
and that's all .
and then the dad and mother was scared .
that's all .
they tell their mom that they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
they jump in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
their mother order [* m:0ed] a salad .
and their mother order [* m:0ed] a a milkshake .
their mother ordered a cheeseburger a french_fries and a drink .
he was sleeping .
and he was eating cereal .
he was tying his shoes .
the bus was was driving .
the kid was late for school .
so he ran to school .
the teacher said he's late .
by aliens .
the girl was gonna go look at the aliens .
and one alien just have a dog .
one alien was holding the alien's hand .
one alien was holding some stuff .
so that guy was scared of the alien .
this girl was not scared 0of the alien .
she wants to go say hi to them .
they did not know what to eat .
they decided to go to Mcdonalds .
I don't know .
he was asleep .
and he wakeded [: woke] [* m:=ed] [* m:+ed] up .
then then he got up into the kitchen .
and he ate his breakfast .
when he was done he was going to go tie his shoe .
and and he did not go .
he was late for school .
he goes on the bus .
the bus left him .
he was trying to get on the bus .
but he hadta walk .
and he he finally got there .
he went to work on his schoolwork .
when they were coming <> they were going out of the ship .
and the dad saw them .
the mom didn't or saw them .
the mom wanted to go but not the dad .
they had a pretend dog and pretend sister and pretend their mom and dad .
the dad was afraid .
he could be +...
and I don't know any more .
there were trees .
and I don't know .
they went to Burger_King .
and they get home .
their mom <> got a salad .
and the boy got a +...
I think the boy didn't get nothing .
the girl got a hamburger french_fries with 0a vanilla shake and a vanilla icecream .
and mom left left her purse at home .
they went back home in the car to go get it .
then they came back to Burger_King .
and and they got their food .
they was eating .
they went back home .
I can't remember that part .
he got up from bed .
he poured some milk .
and it spilled .
he broke his shoestring .
he was running after the bus because the bus left .
he came to school late .
and her teacher said you came <> to school late .
he was looking sad .
he went up the stairs .
he he got up from bed .
he was late for school .
and he was pouring his milk .
it spill [* m:0ed] .
he broke his shoestring .
he was late for the bus .
the bus already left .
his teacher said you came to school late .
I don't know his name though .
a boy and a girl and aliens came off the ship with a alien dog .
and <> the girl she wanted to see them .
the boy said no .
so the girl went over there still .
and the others people but staying on the ship .
the aliens are moving on the planet earth .
why the boy said no because the alien 0are gonna catch them .
so he told the girl to <> stop .
and so why the alien got off the ship .
the girl wanted to see them .
the little alien girl was holding the dog while the <> mom alien 0was <> holding the girl alien [* 0's] hand .
that's all I know .
mom said let go out to eat .
and the kid said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds the nearest one .
and then they +...
mom and and Jacob know what they wanted .
and they order [* m:0ed] .
then Andy made up her mind .
then the the Mcdonald man said that would be twelve fifty .
and her <> wallet wasn't there .
what would they do ?
what should I do ?
he wake up .
he eat breakfast .
he tie [* m:0ed] his shoes .
and he missed the bus .
he was tardy .
the boy and girl went to the park .
and there was a spaceship .
an alien came out .
<> and Jessie got Mary [* 0's] hand .
they said let go catch one .
Daniel said no .
then Jessie went over and try 0to catch them .
they ran .
she went back home and told their parent .
the parent came back .
they went to see if they they are lie [* m:a:0ing] or not .
they weren't there .
that xxx .
on tuesday Lisa and and Ronnie and the mom went to Mcdonalds .
or the mom said were going to eat out .
and the mom asked where do you wanna go eat .
or that end .
and Ronnie or something .
and Lisa yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they got there .
Ronnie ordered a happy meal with a coke and a vanilla chocolate icecream .
and then the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa ordered a chicken nugget happy meal a soda and a icecream and .
and it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
yeah .
and they didn't have the money .
so then she realized that she forgot the money on the kitchen counter .
what should it be about .
what should it be about ?
okay .
one morning Josh woke up very late .
he got out of bed .
he <> went into the kitchen made himself a bowl of cereal .
he poured the cereal .
and then he poured the milk .
and he was looking at something .
and he was pouring his milk all over the kitchen table .
and after he was done eating his bowl of cereal .
he got dressed for school .
then got his socks and shoes on .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
so he tied the shoelace onto the the other half of the laces .
then he ran to school .
and he was late for the schoolbus .
so he hadta walk to school .
and his teacher said you're late .
he said I missed the bus .
one afternoon Lacey and john were walking in the woods .
and Lacey saw aliens out and they xxx .
and Lacey was surprised .
because she was an alien for halloween .
she wanted to see an alien .
so Josh tried to stop her .
Lacey tried to get Josh to go over there .
and he didn't wanna because he was scared .
so they snuck up on them and went into the ships .
and the fourth alien that was in sight that drove them on earth noticed that two two humans were on it .
so he took them back .
and they ran home and told their mom and dad .
they didn't believe them .
they're eat [* m:0ing] hamburgers .
milkshake &*INV:uhhuh icecream .
eat sandwich .
it make [* m:a:0es] it .
food get messed up .
he wake [* m:a:0es] up .
he getting breakfast .
he's tie [* m:0ing] his shoe .
he lost .
go back to school .
go back to school .
yeah .
he wake [* m:a:0es] up at the morning .
they're eating breakfast .
it it [* 0's] tying it shoes .
it get [* m:0es] lost .
it go [* m:0es] back to school .
that little girl and the boy hide .
when that aliens come back down to earth .
and getting for picnic .
they're gonna eat .
what's that [% whispers] ?
yeah .
yeah .
there's a spaceship .
goes down .
and there it will get .
it will be next .
yeah .
there's a light on top .
and there's some trees .
there's some aliens &*INV:mhm walking down to the grass .
and +...
[^ sighs] same way I said it .
and she order [* m:0ed] the the burger and +...
I can't do it .
they sat down on something .
and they ate .
[<] a tissue .
but I need a tissue .
[>] .
they sit down on the chair .
and they felt something under the chair .
and then the mom wanted to order something .
and <> the mom wanted salad .
and then she change her mind .
and then she wanted chocolate vanilla icecream .
and then she left her money on the kitchen counter .
the kid woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
he spilled the milk .
he broke his tie .
he ran to <> 0the bus .
he told the teacher .
the teacher was mad .
the aliens came for camping .
and then the boy was holding her hand .
right there he goes [% clears throat] .
and a +...
then they got up .
and then they ran to the aliens .
and then they told them hi .
and then they go back in the ship .
and then they went up in earth .
and then they came back again .
and then they went back up to the north earth .
I don't know .
&=sighs I don't know .
uhuh .
I don't know .
mhm .
that I'm ready .
the boy spilled the drinks and make breakfast and trying to ties his shoes .
and he missed the bus .
and she hafta walk .
the aliens land at the park .
and <> the family came off the ship .
and and the boy wanna go back home .
and the girl wanna go to see them .
they were going to Mcdonalds .
then they were here .
then his mother said what are we going to eat .
then they said Mcdonalds .
then they drived into Mcdonalds .
then he orders a happy meal .
and and they will .
his mother ordered some salad .
then they all eat .
and then they finish eating .
they go back home .
wake up wake up .
wake up wake up .
it's six o'clock .
and he woke up and fixed her a breakfast .
he spilled her milk .
then then his milk all dripped .
he tie [* m:0ed] his shoes .
and his shoestring got ripped .
then he missed the bus and drive away to school .
she was be [* m:0ing] late .
and he went to school .
he was late .
he got three o'clock after school .
that's all .
okay .
I don't know whose their name are .
john and Cynthia went in the park .
they saw the aliens come right down to the river .
aliens he yelled .
they 0are hiding in the smallest tree .
then john did afraid .
Cynthia says we gotta see the aliens .
he grabbed his hand and check and went to see the people .
that's all .
I got not that good <> memory .
they're going out to eat to Mcdonalds .
they want 0to get some some good stuff when they go to Mcdonalds .
that all I remembered .
they wanna go to 0the restaurant .
that about a time .
is +...
him waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up pour [* m:0ed] some cereal with milk and spilled .
him looking at a clock not paying attention .
him get dressed .
him him drink <> his <> xxx .
he tried 0to tie them and broke .
so him hafta just use it broke .
he was chasing a bus and couldn't catch up .
and he just walked back at school .
and her said look at it .
you [* 0're] late .
the dog was holding a octopus .
because he keep keep taking it xxx .
the kid been looking for it for +...
girl tried to take a boy with them .
that's all .
I don't know .
he woke up eat breakfast .
he tie [* m:0ed] <> his shoe .
he missed the bus .
<> he was late .
there was a ship .
and the ship was flying in the sky .
it landed .
the aliens come out from the ship .
the boy and the girl [>] +/.
the boy and the girl <> saw the aliens .
he went to the aliens .
the aliens had flew away .
[<] .
they saw the people .
he waved .
and that's all .
I don't know the story at all .
they didn't get their money .
he wakes up out of his bed .
and then he gets breakfast .
then he ties his shoes .
and he waits for the bus .
and he goes to school .
nothing else .
one time there was people that wanted a dog .
and they hadta go on the ship with the dog .
and then they went up to the sky .
and they [% (0:7.)] got off the ship .
and they gotta stay outside .
and then they hadta go home in their ship .
and that's all .
on tuesday they go home .
and then their mother said tonight we going eat somewhere .
and then the children said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then they hoped in the car .
and then they got into Mcdonalds .
and and +...
then her mom got a salad .
and then +...
[^ whispers] can I skip her name ?
and then she got a cheeseburger .
and she got a chocolate cone .
then he said how much money .
then +...
[^ whispers] how much money ?
uhuh .
then she wanted to see her purse .
and then she remembered it was on the kitchen counter .
[^ whispers] and that's all .
he was late .
he was sleeping in his bed .
and then he was late .
and then he accidentally poured the milk on the ground .
and then he did tie his shoelace .
but one of them <> break off .
and then he did miss the bus bus .
and then he hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] to walk .
and then he was late .
one time there was a girl and a boy .
one time they was playing outside on the playground .
and then a alien spaceship did come down .
and then there was kids and a dog and a dad .
and then they saw it .
and then then the boy did run away .
and then the girl did like the aliens .
and then they did become friends .
Lisa and what that other guy's name ?
when Lisa get back to school her mother said where should go eat .
and say Mcdonalds !
and then her drive to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she gonna decide .
when they got on the counter they should decide .
mhm .
her mom wanted a salad with a coke .
he brother want a Big_Mac with a frozen chocolate shake .
Lisa want a happy meal with a chocolate icecream .
and then the cashier say twelve fifty .
and then about when she put hand in she forgot +/.
she put her hand in and forgot her wallet .
she put it on that kitchen table .
and then they should drive home and get it .
and the end .
the boy just wake up .
and his alarm clock ring away .
he didn't .
and then he poured milk all over the place .
then he's gotta rush .
and then he missed the school bus .
then the teacher like like you late .
I see the boy and the girl try to peek at aliens from outer space .
and the aliens just got off of their flight .
and and their mother saying wahhhh@c .
like wow .
the little sister's waving goodbye because to the pilot waving goodbye .
xxx .
and that's all .
and the boy was scared .
but the girl wasn't .
and the end .
when the children got home from school they jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
then they went inside .
and they ordered .
well the boy ordered chicken nuggets .
and and he ordered a chocolate +...
and the girl order [* m:0ed] the hamburger .
and she ordered vanilla +...
I guess that's all .
he bumped his +...
he went to bed and in the morning bumped his head .
and when it was breakfast time he dumped inside a_lot_o(f) milk .
he spilled it .
he hadta put on his shoes try to squeeze it on tie it .
but he he ran to the bus .
and he missed the bus .
then he was at school .
uhhuh .
yes .
well you ask it first .
well they took the ship .
they were in space .
but these people that were having a picnic +...
they went to the picnic .
and the dad said no !
because there was aliens there .
then they ate .
at the end they left .
that's all .
sometimes I go to Mcdonalds .
sometimes we get too much hamburgers .
we get pizza though .
we buy pizza .
in the story of Mcdonalds ?
and the girl and the boy they they bought a hamburger .
then they sit down in the table .
then they started eating .
and then they started to go home .
then if they don't buy a hamburger anymore +...
if they get the first one then they'll have all of them at the same time .
if they do then they'll buy a hamburger all they want .
from the bed .
if he goes asleep then he'll get a dream .
I got a dream about my Spiderman old bike .
from the night .
if he goes to sleep then he'll dream .
if he goes to night_night then he'll [% ew:he] might sleep .
he'll might get up in the morning .
and when he gotted [: got] [* m:+ed] some milk some milk spilled out off his plate .
and and he poured milk .
and then he looked at the clock .
he was trying to get cereal .
he woke up in the morning .
and he put his shoes on .
then he tied his shoe .
but the string broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] off .
but he can't tie his shoe anymore .
soon when he got his shoes on the bus didn't stop .
if the bus didn't stop then he'll leave him .
if they run fast then they won't leave them .
soon when Samantha was sad he go inside in the school .
and the teacher said come inside the school .
but he got in trouble .
mhm .
&=sighs my story is Clifford book .
this story starts from aliens .
then they start from kids .
I said that him pull hard .
how do you move the aliens ?
the aliens started to get off the ship .
and they started to walk .
then if if the kids get close to the aliens then they'll try to steal them .
alien ships are bad for you .
they can kill you too .
aliens can kill you .
when they go home from school +...
they went home .
he wake up in the morning .
then he spill [* m:0ed] his milk .
then he broke his string .
then he run for the bus .
then he gotta school .
the aliens 0are in a big spaceship .
and the +...
xxx ?
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and milkshake &*INV:mhm and a icecream cone .
and the mom left their purse .
no .
he was late .
he was eating cereal .
and he was late .
and he tied his shoes .
and he missed the <> bus .
and the teacher said he missed school .
there there were were octopuses .
they were +...
and they were gonna have picnic .
and they bring their dog .
.
.
they lost his money .
and his mommy don't buy any of 0the food .
he don't buy .
his mommy say [* m:a:0es] time to go to Mcdonalds .
and boys and girls jump to the car .
yeah .
and his mommy drove there .
and them is gonna buy food .
and he's gonna order .
his mommy don't buy any food .
they lost it .
yes .
and he can play <> for a minute .
and +/.
and his mommy 0said time to go home .
then he go to bed .
see .
yeah .
it's done .
let's see [>] +/.
first he's waking up .
then he poured the milk all the mess .
then he put his shoes on .
and he broke his shoelace .
oops .
and then he go in the schoolbus .
he was leaving .
then he walk [* m:a:0ed] to school .
nope .
and all octopus parents came .
mhm .
then it's little boy octopus [>] see the goat .
he hold it .
he run away .
he can take it back <> at his house .
two fires came in here on the ground .
his dad +...
the rocketship take away him .
he go to another planet .
oops .
he hafta stay in a earth by himself .
he hafta go to +...
his house is in water .
his his house has a water .
yeah .
oopsadoops@n .
hey that's my stickers .
[>] two .
I wanna put it in my <> [>] .
I wanna take it [>] .
yeah .
there two mine stickers .
yeah .
stickers .
0 .
[<] don't put it in there .
put [>] .
yeah that's a safe place [>] .
I got two pockets [>] .
yeah .
nope .
you orders hamburger .
a kid waits .
and and who orders french_fries ?
the kid .
who orders the vanilla ?
it was the kid .
and the sister say [* m:a:0es] I want 0a hamburger and french_fries .
I want chocolate .
they knock on the restaurant .
they knock and knock and knock .
and a hamburger french_fries +...
I can't remember the rest .
I can't remember the end .
he was late for school .
and the clock was ringing .
he need [* m:a:0ed] 0to get a drink .
he need [* m:a:0ed] to get hungry .
and he need [* m:a:0ed] to tie his shoe .
the shoelaces is broken .
he just need [* m:a:0es] 0to go to the bus .
or he was late .
he was late at school .
and uh +...
it was like this .
I was finished 0with that .
there was some aliens like like octopus aliens .
and then then they have a new land .
then the kids they was scared .
and the alien have a dog alien .
then it goes with with this then stop [* m:a:0es] .
then he like [* m:0ed] aliens .
he might get kill [* m:0ed] with the aliens .
and that's all .
hey I was want the last page .
they wanna go 0to Mcdonalds .
I don't know .
boy .
when he wake [* m:a:0es] up +...
they eat breakfast .
then he tie his shoes .
and he go [* m:0es] to the bus .
and then he call person .
no .
yes .
they saw some octopus [* m:0s] .
and and the boy was scared of the octopus .
and they walk out out of the space .
and they go live in the ocean .
but the girl <> was gonna follow the octopus .
but the boy wouldn't .
and he was scared of 0the octopus .
but a boy said no .
do not go follow the octopus because +/.
and his sister gave a pet .
and I don't know .
[<] .
Lisa and her mother and hers [: her] brother Rocky .
and Lisa and Rocky says Mcdonalds .
and they hop on the car .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
and rocky order [* m:0ed] 0a banana split and 0a cheeseburger .
and the mothers order [* m:0ed] salad .
and Lisa ordered 0a happy meal a coke and and a chocolate icecream .
and the guy he said twenty five dollars and fifty cents .
and the mother put it up get her purse opened it .
and it wasn't there .
she she notice [* m:a:0ed] that she left her on the counter at home .
one day there's a boy Stark were were late for school .
he drinks some milk .
he eat(s) some cereal .
he +...
and his shoe tied off .
then he +...
and the school bus left .
and his teacher gives him time out to being late .
once upon a time there was aliens landing for earth .
and there were owls .
and one boy 0and one girl looked at them .
and the girl wanna see what they +...
they wanna touch them .
and and they went home to <> their parent [* m:0s] .
and the ship was gone .
then it all was a dream the father told them .
the end .
the <> order for her brother for a toy and some other chicken nuggets and a sprite and a french_fries and some sweet_and_sour_sauce .
and that's it .
I already say that all the times [% ew:time] .
they were together to get one of those .
he was falling asleep .
and he catches it .
they take off of him .
then he keeps +...
then he pour [* m:a:0es] some milk .
and he then her shoestrings were untying because it's broken .
because she was mad .
then she went to her grandma's house .
then she waited for the bus to come .
then the bus didn't stop .
she didn't run .
and the clock was late .
that means she was late for the bus .
then she went to grandma's house still again .
once upon a time there was some aliens from outer space .
and she saw them .
she was excited .
and and they have a alien dog from outer space too .
he was runned [: ran] [* m:=ed] with the smell .
he was runned [: ran] [* m:=ed] these did not smell something I think .
and he was very hungry .
the aliens run off .
she was so excited to get to see them .
she wants to help them to find some food for the alien dog from outer space .
okay and once they got off the space they were not going back to space ever again .
they're just gonna stay there for all day to be squids aliens .
all day long they're +...
what was that ?
they waited .
their friend waited goodbye of their cousin wave to her goodbye of her cousin .
then he went off and go back .
he never seen them again .
I don't know .
I don't know .
no .
I don't know .
I don't know .
I don't know .
I don't just know the story of the +/.
I don't know what what .
I don't know .
the the girl was going .
and uh uh +...
I can't do this .
I don't know .
no because I almost know how to read .
and I don't .
yeah .
Mcdonalds man .
the boy girl mom and salad a happy meal [% examiner sneezes] and a drink and a dog and a purse .
and they're talking .
chairs and a car and driving and nothing .
nothing .
a boy and a girl .
I couldn't remember all the stuff .
that to that .
that to that and that .
wake up that that and that and that and that .
these three ?
he waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up .
he was tired .
he tie [* m:0ed] his shoe .
he forgot the bus .
he went to school .
aliens was coming down .
and one said byebye .
they were scared .
the lady was playing .
then the ship blew away .
the aliens +...
Daniel and Lisa got back from school .
and the mother +...
I forgot .
my ears are close .
Lisa and Daniel come back from school .
mother said where 0do you wanna go eat .
Lisa and Daniel yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went .
and Lisa and Daniel jump in the car .
and the mother take them to the nearest Mcdonalds they found .
and +...
this is a long story .
&=sighs let me see .
Lisa ordered 0a cheeseburger french_fries and a coke .
but Daniel want +...
I forgot what Daniel want .
0can I just skip that ?
Lisa just change her mind .
a happy meal a big coke and a +...
and their mother wanted a salad .
that'd be twelve dollars and and fifty cents .
and mother she didn't feel her purse .
and she leaved [: left] [* m:=ed] it on the kitchen counter .
done .
he waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up .
and <> he maked [: made] [* m:=ed] a mess .
and <> he tried to get his +...
he breaked [: broke] [* m:=ed] his tie .
and he missed the bus .
and the teacher was mad .
and that's all .
okay .
the aliens come .
really alien +...
and Danny come over there .
and Daniel say come back .
they're really bad .
they're mom dad and big brother .
you're never gonna listen to me [% messes with microphone] aren't you .
yes I am Daniel .
I always listen to everybody .
and there's a dog over there .
I wanna pet it .
but that's a alien dog not a real dog .
yes it is Daniel .
and there was a really chinese ring right there .
I wanna see it .
the aliens will get you .
they're really bad .
I told you they're gonna get you .
that's all .
that was a good story ?
Rita &*INV:mhm and uh : +...
they wanted to eat Mcdonalds .
and their mom took them to Mcdonalds .
they order [* m:0ed] .
the boy order [* m:0ed] 0a Big_Mac .
and the daughter ordered a kidsmeal .
the mom ordered a Big_Mac too .
and the mom she digged [% ew:dug] in hers [% ew:her] purse .
then the money wasn't there .
she forgot the money on the counter in the kitchen .
they went back home .
the little boy woke up .
he spilled his milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
he broke his shoelace .
he got up and went to the bus saying stop .
and the teacher said you're late for school .
the teacher said look what time is [% ew:it] it [% ew:is] .
they started to go to the classroom .
there was a +...
what is that called ?
the yellow plane .
and some parents they got out 0of the yellow plane .
they're going to go eat .
the boy and the girl saw them .
then the boy said stop !
the octopus said bye .
the +...
we're finished .
their mom said where do you wanna go out to eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
their mom told them what do you want .
the mom wanted 0a kidsmeal and a chocolate icecream cone .
but the girl wanted a kidsmeal .
and she ordered a icecream slush .
and and the brother ordered a a kidsmeal too .
and he ordered 0a drink .
and they were going to pay for it .
but their mom left her wallet on the kitchen counter .
and when the mom came back home they came to get the wallet and get back in line .
then they gotta get their food .
their mom came home .
they ate their food .
they they +...
the boy's waking up out of the bed .
and he's getting breakfast .
he's putting on his shoes .
the bus drived away from his house and <> passed his house .
he was <> running after the the bus .
the teacher said you're late .
he was sad .
he was just sad .
the teacher said he was late .
she's pointing at her wrist because she said you are late .
he was sad .
but he didn't worry about getting sad .
so all he did is went to class .
and that's it .
the octopuses are visiting the world .
and the sister and the <> gonna go say hi .
but the brother said no .
and he yelled and said no .
then they stand there .
the mom octopus said hi .
but the sister went to say hi too .
but the brother said no .
and the octopus was right here .
the ship said bye .
he looked everywhere .
and and and he and +...
that the end of my story .
okay .
when the children got home they asked their mother for they could eat out at Mcdonalds .
[^ whispers] I forgot .
they was happy .
he woke up one morning .
and he spilled the milk .
he broke him <> shoelace .
he missed his school bus .
he was late for school .
0 .
some aliens landed in Texas .
they got out of the spaceship and walked with a dog .
and this girl was trying to run away from this boy .
the spaceship was leaving .
on <> thursday something .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the mom order lettuce .
and she lefted [: left] [*] the her purse at home .
that's all I remember .
first he gets out of bed .
and he's late .
and then he's pouring milk .
and it dripping off the table .
and he's late .
and then he tried to tie his shoe .
but his his shoelace got off of his shoe right here .
and then he missed the school bus .
and then he's late for school .
once upon a time there was two kids .
they went in the park .
and a spaceship land there .
there was aliens coming out .
one was a big alien sister .
one was a big alien dad .
and one was a big alien .
and one was a a mom alien .
and one was a little girl alien .
and there was a dog alien .
the the girl wanted to go and play with them .
and she grabbed onto the boy's hand .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
he was too afraid they would do something bad to them .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond want to eat .
then their mom said what do you wanna go to eat .
they say Mcdonalds !
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa order [* m:0ed] 0a chocolate shake fries and coke .
her brother order [* m:0ed] a chocolate milkshake a hamburger and fries .
and her mom ate vanilla icecream and a hamburger and fries .
the cashier said that will cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
her mom look on her arm .
she don't have her money .
they cannot buy any dinner xxx .
the boy wake up and close [* m:0ed] his clock .
and he was tired .
then he pour [* m:0ed] his milk and 0was looking at the clock and not paying attention .
he tie [* m:0ed] his shoe .
and he shoelace got broken .
<> he hurry [* m:a:0ed] up and went to the bus .
but the bus didn't stop .
and the principal said you are late for school .
there were two children playing in the park .
then there was a ship with aliens a girl a mom and a alien dog .
and they 0were gonna have a vacation in the human world .
the human girl saw the aliens .
she was happy .
the boy wasn't happy .
and then they were friends .
they're at home .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa the little girl ordered icecream chocolate cone .
the mom ordered salad .
raven ordered 0an icecream shake .
then the mother reached out her purse .
it was not at Mcdonalds .
it was at home in the kitchen desk .
he was sleeping .
then he woke up for morning .
and the clock was <> ringing .
then he put too much milk .
the milk spilled .
he look at the clock .
it was very late .
he tried to tie his shoe .
but he broke his shoelaces .
and then the bus just leave him .
he just went to school .
the girl wants to go see the octopus aliens .
and the brother said no you can't .
they'll kill you .
and then they were walking .
they didn't see them .
and then somebody was in there .
they were gonna go .
they went on vacation .
and they had their puppy .
they were walking in the grass .
and he said stop the earth .
those are aliens .
they can kill you .
the end .
mom said we're gonna go out to eat .
and mom asked where do yall wanna go ?
they said Mcdonalds .
and mom ordered a hamburger french_fries and a coke .
Lisa ordered a hamburger french_fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
her brother ordered ordered a hamburger a coke and french_fries .
she said that would be twelve dollars .
they forgot their money at their house .
okay .
he woke up .
and he was late .
he drop [* m:a:0ed] part of 0the milk .
he was eating .
he was gonna eat cereal .
he put on his shoes .
he missed the bus .
and his teacher was mad .
when he missed the bus the bus left him behind .
when the bus left him behind it didn't know .
he spilled part of the milk .
he was in a hurry .
he made a a mad face .
he was tying his shoes too fast .
he missed the bus .
and his teacher got mad at him .
he was late for school .
his teacher was mad .
when he woke up from bed he was oh no .
when he poured the cereal he looked at the clock .
he was in a rush .
when the bus left him behind he got mad .
and he said stop !
the bus didn't listen .
when he went to school the +...
he started making a sad face .
he walked up the stairs .
and his teacher was angry .
this is gonna be called the alien stories because you know .
when they came out of the airplane they were going to a place .
and when they were going to that place they they were going to the airport .
when they landed they wanted to go on a fieldtrip .
when they went on that fieldtrip there was a a girl and a man .
her dad said no stop !
and the girl smiled .
then when the aliens saw her +...
the alien waved like this .
she pulled her dad's hand to go over here .
when they landed <> their family came down .
let's see .
when they got home from school their mom said they [* 0're] going out for dinner .
and and then their mom said where do you wanna go out for dinner ?
then the kids yell Mcdonalds .
then they jumped into the car .
then they drived to the nearest Mcdonalds .
then they went inside .
then they ordered food .
then their mom hadta pay for the food .
then she reached over to get her purse .
but she found out her purse wasn't there .
the clock rings .
and then he gets cereal .
he put too much milk .
now he's getting his shoes on .
then a shoelace came off .
then he went to get on a bus .
he's late for school .
then his moms drive him to school .
that's what my mom hadta do to me today because I missed the school bus .
there's aliens there .
they got a dog .
and they got a daughter too .
she gots [: got] [* m:+es] a brother too .
they got a mom and dad and 0a spaceship too [% clears throat] .
and this girl want to go see the aliens .
her brother doesn't want her to do it .
and her brother's on the spaceship .
they're outside walking the dog .
aliens camed [: came] [* m:+ed] to earth .
and the mom said wow look at all of this stuff .
we can put down these aliens .
Mcdonalds .
okay .
Mcdonalds !
Lisa and Raymond they were going up +...
mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
and +...
and we did it .
then <> Lisa and Raymond order [* m:0ed] a happy meal .
they wanted a icecream .
one said white shake .
Raymond said she wanted a chocolate icecream .
that's fifty and thirty cents .
I meant one dollar and fifty cents .
and I realized that she left it on the counter .
so she went back home and get it .
and she came back and order [* m:0ed] .
they gave them some food .
where did they eat ?
somewhere else .
the end .
there's a boy 0who got out of bed .
and he got cereal .
he pour [* m:0ed] some milk .
then he tie [* m:0ed] his shoe .
then he came +...
the bus leave .
then the school bus said hey come back .
then he went back home .
the end .
okay .
first they came out of a airplane .
and the people came out .
the mom was holding the octopus hand .
the octopus was holding the dog .
he was running .
she was holding onto his hand .
the end .
they [* 0're] going out to eat .
and they [* 0're] going 0to Mcdonalds to um hm: [% examiner coughs] +...
mom buys salad .
and the girl buy [* m:0es] icecream .
the boy get [* m:a:0es] a drink .
it's hm: hm: hm: +...
I forgot .
get up and eat breakfast 0and tie his shoes .
and 0the bus leave [* m:a:0es] .
you [* 0're] late .
hm: hm: +...
aliens come .
and then the boys don't go near aliens .
the girl smile and went to get on 0the ship and [% yawns] pack up .
it bring it [* 0's] dog and get dress and go on 0the ship .
and girl got his brother .
and they um +/.
no .
[^ sighs] oh see hm: +...
this morning Janie and Nicole went to Mcdonalds and got a happy meal with french_fries a coke .
and her mother ordered a salad .
Nicole ordered a hamburger too .
&=laughs and let's see um um +...
so it's +...
the mother ordered a salad .
Nicole ordered a hamburger with french_fries and coke .
and Janie ordered a hamburger and french_fries and coke and a chocolate shake .
and that will be twelve and twenty five cents .
and they left the twelve and twenty five cents at the house .
and they hadta go back to the house and get the twelve twenty five cents .
okay .
first he woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
and then he made breakfast .
and he broke his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] .
then he was late for school .
he missed the bus .
and then he went to school .
and &=laughs the principal was outside .
and she said you're are way too late .
where were you ?
okay let's see .
the dog's kind of different .
and they look right .
but the dad looks kind of funny .
too much pants on flakes is one two three whatever .
but it's in my arm .
0 .
.
and the boy and the girl tried to sneak and take the dog .
and the boy was tryin(g) to to grab <> whatever her name is .
he was tryin(g) to to grab her hand so she can't go .
well touched it .
and so +...
whoa that did just come off .
and there's one more person in there I think .
that's it .
they came home from school .
and then the mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
then the little girl 0and the little boy scream [* m:a:0ed] out at their mother Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the little girl order [* m:0ed] a xxx vanilla cone milkshake and something else xxx [% whispers] .
the little boy order [* m:0ed] a cheeseburger french_fries and chicken nuggets .
the man say it will be twelve <> dollar .
and then the mother left her money in the kitchen table at home .
they could go home and go get it and then come right back and then eat then play .
okay .
the little boy he was sleeping .
and the clock wake him up .
he was late for school .
he was spilling milk .
he was eating breakfast .
and he spilled milk .
he was looking .
he was tying his shoe .
and the bus came .
the bus didn't see him .
he wasn't here because the bus didn't see him .
and so he was siting 0at the busstop xxx .
and he said wait .
and the teacher was looking at him him .
he was late for school .
the story start in in the beginning .
the boy was scared .
and the little girl wanna go see them .
the boy say [* m:a:0es] no .
it's too scary because those are creepy .
and the little boy got too much scared .
it first came here .
and the aliens say hi to everybody .
the little girl wanna go see them .
the little girl graped the boy [* 0's] hand to go see them 0and say hi to them .
and their friend's over there .
the dad have everything to pack up .
he got all pack [* m:0ed] up .
and then they were &*INV:mhm in planet in the real world and then up to the sky .
the little girl have a alien dog .
but it's different better every else .
she was wearing a shirt and a skirt .
the mom was wearing a dress .
and dad was wearing a a shirt and a sweater and a pants .
little boy don't wanna go see them .
so the little girl wanna go see them 0and say hi to play with them .
and and they <> went somewhere to have a picnic .
they have a good spot .
the little girl wanna go see that little girl the mom and dad and play with her dog .
she went over there and so 0did the little boy .
but the little boy was too much scared of the alien because sometime he thinks the alien would eat them up .
but but he really think that was real .
and the little girl wanna go see them because she love [* m:a:0es] aliens .
the little boy don't like alien because he think they're gonna cook him eat him up and take them 0to outer space .
they went out of the real world .
the <> woman or man who's that ?
then she close [: closed] [*] the door .
and she went up out of space .
the end .
I forgot all of it .
yeah .
she said [% (0:4.)] where do you wanna eat or something .
two of them said Mcdonalds .
and then they went .
and then the mom forgot her purse on the counter .
and then the girl ordered a happy meal with a vanilla shake and a <> vanilla cone or .
and the boy ordered a cheeseburger with a chocolate [% (0:5.)] cone .
and then the thing the girl had she had a Pepsi for her meal drink .
and the boy had a cheeseburger with +...
Joe woke up .
Joe woke up .
and he [% (0:5.)] got up .
and he was late for school .
then he had some cereal .
he looked at the clock again .
he was late .
and he spilled his milk .
four and then he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace broke off .
and and he was getting kind of mad .
and then he missed his bus .
and then the lady said you are late Joe .
and that's it .
the end .
Anthony and [% (0:15.)] +...
um how about nick .
oh no Anthony and +/.
Nikki yeah .
Anthony and Nikki saw aliens .
and I forgot what I was gonna say .
and then the aliens saw a table .
and she pointed at the table and said hey let's go have a picnic at the table .
and the little +...
and then the dad said good idea .
and then they had a picnic .
and then the spaceship went away .
and then the dog barked .
and Anthony and Nikki +...
ten Nikki tried to pull Anthony out .
and Anthony didn't know .
and then Nikki said it's okay .
and (7.) I'm done . [+ bch]
yeah I can't think of anything else .
the mom said tomorrow we're going to Mcdonalds .
the boy and girl said Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car .
they drive to Mcdonalds .
they went 0to the counter and said +...
the sister said +...
[^ sighs] I can't remember that one part .
she's having 0a hamburger cheese .
the brother 0is having a hamburger .
the mother 0is having a salad .
Mcdonald_guy said that'd be twenty five cents .
she got her wallet .
she didn't have twenty five cent [* m:a:0s] .
she left it in the kitchen on the counter .
the boy wake up because the bell 0was ringing up .
and he spill [* m:0ed] the milk on the table .
he broke his thing off his shoe .
the school bus left him .
at the end he walks to school .
the teacher said you are late .
in the morning the alien come to live here .
and 0I think they walk to the grass .
they saw real aliens .
the alien walk [* m:a:0ed] to find a house .
they have a pet .
they have a family .
and and the boy was scared .
the girl 0was happy .
the girl was trying to go closer .
but the girl hold his hand to go over there .
and everybody try not to say no .
the girl said let's go to see the aliens .
the alien come out .
they left .
this is it .
the alien mom was happy and the brother too .
0I think 0the dog was happy .
they were waving .
and &=sighs +...
they they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
and her mother forgot her wallet .
I think .
a boy got up of bed .
and then he went to breakfast .
he was looking at something else .
he was spilling milk .
then he was tying his shoes .
his shoelaces got off off .
then he he missed the bus .
then he hadta walk to school .
then there was the teacher showing him the time .
once a spaceship was in earth .
and there were two kids that saw the spaceship .
the girl saw alien .
her friends didn't want her to see them because they might hurt her .
because the aliens are not from earth .
they're from another planet .
but they're not from earth .
when don and Beth got home their mother said that we're going out to dinner tonight .
and their mom said where do you wanna eat ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and don <> ordered a burger with a vanilla milkshake .
Denise ordered a hamburger with chocolate icecream and and a a drink .
their mom <> ordered a salad .
Denise <> ordered by herself .
then the register said that'll [% laughs and coughs] be like twenty five cents .
then their mom left the money on the kitchen table .
I think she was gonna use her credit card .
one day he woke up .
and the the clock ring .
he went to the kitchen to serve him some cereal .
he was pouring too much milk .
it fell .
it was dripping on the floor .
and he was trying 0to tie his shoe .
he teared his shoelace .
the next day when his shoelace broke he was late for the bus because the bus already was going .
so he ran .
but he couldn't catch it .
and and when he gotta school the lady was mad that that he was late .
one day the boy and the girl went went for a walk .
and and then they saw a ship .
they came out .
the boy said stop .
he said there's <> aliens .
the aliens said hi .
probably it came to visit .
probably they had <> fun there .
they packed all their stuff .
they came .
the boy said to look to the right .
then the girl screamed .
she went home .
she told her dad and mom that there were <> aliens .
so they they looked for a hotel .
they got in .
but it didn't work out .
so they went back to <> outer space to stay there .
that's the end .
and the children came home .
then their mother came eating tonight .
and their mother said where do you wanna go eat tonight ?
the Mcdonalds the Mcdonalds !
they jumped and hoped around .
they jumped in the car and went out to Mcdonalds .
I asked them what their order want .
they wanted to order +...
their mother ordered a salad .
and I forgot what the boy's name 0was .
can I just make it David ?
David ordered a cheeseburger and french fries and a milkshake .
and Lisa wanted chicken nuggets and french fries and an icecream cone with chocolate .
their mother ordered a salad .
: .
they were just eating while they were playing .
when they called them it's time for them to go .
they jumped back into the car and went home .
well <> first he got out of bed .
and then he poured the milk on accident .
he tied his shoe .
then he was late for the bus .
and then his teacher said you're late .
but you can come in .
first there was an alien .
and then they came to earth .
when they saw an alien they hadta look had a xxx .
and they were going to camp .
then the aliens fell back up in the sky to space .
why he was gone he went back in the sky .
and then they were setting their camp and getting their food ready and the snacks .
then when the alien came back it's time for them to go .
it's time for them to go .
and then they went back to space .
0 .
wanna go to Mcdonalds .
[% clears throat] and +...
[^ whispers] I just forgot .
I just forgot .
the boy have a ball .
the boy 0is washing the dishes .
and the boy 0is tying his shoes .
the boy 0is running in because the school bus leaved [: left] [* m:=ed] .
and his teacher in the classroom &=sighs .
the girl 0is touching the branches .
and the boy 0is yelling at the girl .
not have +...
then [% clears throat] +...
the octopeople@n is having legs .
and the other people 0are going on the airplane .
the dog cannot ride on the plane .
not let dogs on the plane .
and the mom have hair .
the dad don't have any hair .
the sister don't have hair .
that's it .
on <> thursday something they went to Mcdonalds .
the mom ordered lettuce .
and she lefted [: left] [*] the her purse at home .
that's all I remember .
first he gets out of bed .
and he's late .
and then he's pouring milk .
and it dripping off the table .
and he's late .
and then he tried to tie his shoe .
but his his shoelace got off of his shoe right here .
and then he missed the school bus .
and then he's late for school .
once upon a time there was two kids .
they went in the park .
and a spaceship land there .
there was aliens coming out .
one was a big alien sister .
one was a big alien dad .
and one was a a mom alien .
and one was a little girl alien .
and there was a dog alien .
the the girl wanted to go and play with them .
but the boy +...
and she grabbed onto the boy's hand .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
he was too afraid they would do something bad to them .
the end .
the the kids yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then their mom took them to the Mcdonalds .
and Tracy didn't know what she wanted .
but her mom and her brother know what they wanted .
and then she went up .
she said that she wanted a hamburger .
she wanted french_fries and a milkshake .
that's all I know .
when he was getting up from bed from school .
and then he was getting his breakfast .
he made a big mess .
then he went to put his shoes on .
but his shoelace broke .
and then he tried to stop the bus .
but the bus +...
he missed the bus .
and then he walked back from school .
Annie she was happy .
and then they went .
then she grabbed his hand .
she wanted to run to the aliens .
and he was trying to stop her .
he was going on his heels .
and he was trying to stop her as not going by the aliens .
that's it .
