their mom said where I wanna eat at at Mcdonalds .
<> they went over to Mcdonalds right there in the maze thing and order .
one order <> a cheeseburger cokes icecream and salad for the mom .
and they left +...
in the purse .
and they forgot the the money's at the house in the kitchen .
at morning Joe wake up .
he was late for school .
he made a mess in the kitchen .
when when he got up <> his strings just broke .
he missed the bus .
the teacher said he was late .
then that's all .
a alien martian is came to earth .
they have [% whispers] five legs .
and there's a pet .
and they have a pet .
and Josie and David saw it but Josie just grabbed his his hand .
and David said no .
and that's all .
the mother came home and asked the kids what they wanted to eat for dinner .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so she drove them to the <> nearest Mcdonalds .
and the mother and the boy knew what they wanted to eat .
but the girl didn't .
and boy ordered a hamburger fries and a chocolate shake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
the girl finally made up her mind and wanted a happy meal with a milkshake .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and the mother reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
a boy wakes up from school gets out of bed and makes himself some breakfast .
he accidentally pours the milk <> over his bowl while looking at the clock .
when he ties his shoes one of the laces break .
when he's ready he's tryin(g) to catch the school bus .
but he doesn't catch it .
he walks to school late .
and the teacher tells him what time it is .
one day a boy and a girl were going to the park .
all of a sudden when they were behind the bushes they saw a alien ship come down that had blinking lights .
they peeked out from behind the bushes and saw an alien family walk out .
their family had blue spots and purple .
they also had very many legs and a dog .
the girl wanted to go ask them some questions .
but the boy <> hold her hand back .
until that day nobody will believe them that they saw aliens .
but they will know that they did .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom got home .
and she said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and Lisa and Raymond shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they drove there .
but the girl didn't know what she wanted either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but the mom and the brother Raymond already knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted well I'll get to that +...
and so they walked up to the clerk .
and then she decided on a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and french_fries .
and the mom I don't know what she ordered +...
and the sister ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and her mom left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
what do you think they should do ?
one day Jordan woke up from sleeping .
and he looked at his alarm clock .
and it said he was late for school .
so he hurried into the kitchen and made breakfast .
and <> accidentally spilled some milk .
he rushed to get his clothes on .
and his shoelaces snapped .
he ran outside really quickly .
and he missed the school bus .
and when when he gotta school his teacher said he was late .
one day Greg and Margaret were camping with their family at a national park .
and they decided to wander off around the campsite and see what else there was .
and <> they turned the bend .
and Margaret said that she had seen an alien spaceship with aliens coming out of it .
and Greg thought they might be dangerous .
and they might hurt them .
but Margaret said she wanted to get a closer look .
so they went up to the +...
and they thought that the aliens might have come to camp too .
so they went up to the aliens .
and they said hello .
and the aliens said hi .
and they introduced themselves .
the dog was named Lucy .
they boy was named Todd .
the mom was named Susan .
and the dad was named Randy .
and they had a pretty weird teenage girl who stayed in the spaceship because she thought that the sun might ruin her cosmetics .
and her name was Laura .
and so they played tag with the little boy and the dog .
then they went back to tell their parents about what had happened .
they wanna bring their parents to go see .
but their parents didn't believe them .
so they brought them there .
and the parents met the aliens .
and they were friends .
and then the aliens stayed for the night .
and they ate popcorn and went to the campmaster's house to watch a movie .
and in the morning they packed up .
and they left .
the end .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and their mother forgot her purse .
that's pretty hard .
but it's hard .
what do you mean by when the things occurred ?
well the boy and the girl wanted to go to Mcdonalds at the beginning .
and actually at the beginning the mother said where do you wanna go out to eat ?
and the boy and the girl said Mcdonalds .
they both said .
and then after that they went off in the car to go to Mcdonalds .
and once they arrived there everybody ordered something .
and then the mom <> reached for the purse .
and she <> figured out that her purse was at home .
okay first I was getting up from bed .
and I figured out that it was time to go to school .
so I went into the kitchen .
and then I made a big mess out of the milk and everything else .
and I was just looking at the time .
and so after that I was very frustrated .
so I broke my lace on my shoe .
and then once I got outside the bus is already left .
and so I hadta walk to school .
and I didn't make it to school on time .
once upon a time there were a boy and girl .
they were both brother and sisters .
they were trying to go down to the park for a family picnic .
but once they got there they saw an alien spaceship .
so they saw a dog alien a little boy alien a mom and a dad alien and a sister alien .
and then her brother said don't go don't go because those are aliens .
you don't know what they can do .
but she wanted to go .
so she said come on come on .
it's time to go .
we gotta go look .
and so at the end the brother won .
and they went back to go tell their parents .
and then they came back and saw the aliens .
and then they believed them .
and then the parents fainted .
and once they awoke they went back home and called the police .
and asked them to get these aliens off the park .
and then once the police came they saw nothing .
that's it .
Lisa and Raymond walked in the door from school .
and the mother said <> we're going to eat out tonight .
where would yall like to eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and <> so her mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mother knew .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake with a coke .
and her mother orders a salad .
and then Lisa said I'd like a happy meal coke and a <> chocolate milkshake .
and so the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and her mother reached for her purse .
and it was not there .
and she remembered she'd left it on the kitchen counter .
one day this boy gets out of bed .
and he looks like he's not very happy .
and he goes into the kitchen for breakfast .
and he pours the milk on his cereal .
and it overflows while he's looking at the <> clock .
and he feels a little sad .
and he breaks his shoelace when he's trying to tie his shoes .
and he's mad about that a little bit .
and he misses the bus <> to get to school .
and when he gets to school his teacher's there waiting for him because he's late .
and she doesn't look very happy about it .
but she doesn't look very very mad .
but he feels terrible it looks like .
and he is looks like he's having a bad day .
one day this boy and girl sees a <> flying saucer landing on the ground .
and aliens come out of it with this funny looking dog .
and the boy does not wanna go over there .
but it looks like the girl does .
and the boy is trying to hold the girl back .
but <> he can't .
and it it looks like the momma alien is waving back to the driver alien .
and it looks like they're coming down for vacation or moving .
and looks like she wants to go meet them .
but the boy really doesn't .
and so <> it looks like the boy's trying hard really to not do it xxx to let her go over there .
and she's pulling him on and on .
but he's trying to keep her back .
and the aliens are have a funny funny funny looking dog .
and it looks like they're in a park and xxx xxx .
and the girl and the boy were hiding behind the bushes .
and and the boy is trying to run away .
but the girl is pulling him on .
the end .
one night their mother said where do you wanna go out to eat tonight ?
they said Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
then when they got there they walked in .
and the little girl was asking should I get a Big_Mac or a happy meal ?
and then she had a chocolate shake .
and he got a happy meal .
and the clerk told them that it was twelve ninety nine .
and <> the mother reached for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she remembered she left it at home on the thing .
okay what was what was the boy's name ?
one day Joe was getting out of bed .
and he looked what time it is .
he's late for school and spilled his cereal .
and then he broke his shoelace .
and then he got late from the bus .
so he hadta walk .
and the teacher pointed at her watch when he got there .
and he didn't feel too good .
bob and Lisa were taking a walk in the park when they saw a big yellow thing fly down and hit one side of the park .
and they went and looked at it .
and they saw a u_f_o [% child laughs] .
and some creatures were getting out of it .
and Mrs_e was &=laughs coming to see earth and her two daughters and her dog spot .
and they all met .
and they had a good time .
and then one day Lisa and bob gotta go see their planet .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mother came home from work and asked Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to go get something to eat at Mcdonalds .
and they shouted hurray and got in the car .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted yet .
but Raymond said that he wanted a cheeseburger and a milkshake .
and <> Raymond's mother said that <> she wanted a salad .
and then Lisa remembered what she wanted .
and she said that she wanted a happy meal with <> a vanilla icecream cone .
and then after that Lisa and Raymond's mother figured out that she didn't have the money that she left it on the counter at home .
so yeah &=laughs .
one morning <> Jacob woke up .
and he figured out that he he was late for school .
so he hurried up and went down to the kitchen to make himself breakfast as quick as he can to not be late for school .
and while he was doing that he spilled his milk .
he spilled his cereal .
he wasn't doing very good because he was in a rush .
and then after that when he was tying his shoe he broke his shoelace because +...
so he was having a bad day he thought .
and then after that because he was so late when he was going out <> to the bus he missed his bus .
so he had his mom bring him to school .
and then when he gotta school his principal told him that he was late for school .
so he got tardy slip .
and then so he just xxx .
yeah .
one day Mary and john were going home from school .
on their way they passed the park .
and they saw aliens in a alien spaceship .
but they weren't sure what to do because they're afraid of the aliens .
so Mary wanted to go say hi to them .
but john <> said no because they might take her and abduct her .
so so Mary and john went home to tell their mom and dad .
but they didn't believe them .
so when they came back they noticed <> that there wasn't the alien spaceship .
and after after that they just went home .
and during the night Mary and john seen the alien spaceship flying away .
and they weren't sure what it was if they were real aliens or fake .
yeah .
on tuesday the kids were gonna go out to eat with their mom .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they <> jumped into the car and went to Mcdonalds .
the mom and mark they knew what they wanted to order .
and then Lisa still couldn't decide .
and then they all knew what they wanted to order .
mark wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
the mom wanted salad with a coke .
and Lisa wanted a (15.) happy meal with a chocolate shake and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mom forgot their purse .
and that's the end of the story .
there was a kid named Jim .
he woke up .
and he broke his alarm clock .
and then when he went to breakfast he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled his milk .
and then when he was tryin(g) to tie his shoes he broke his shoelace .
and then after he broke his shoelace he missed the school bus .
so then his mom hadta take him .
when he gotta school the teacher was mad at him because he was late .
then he went to school .
and they asked why he was late .
and he told them because I missed the school bus .
one night two boys named Kaitlyn and Danny were sleeping .
they heard a weird noise .
so they ran into the mom's room and and their dad's room .
and they said it's just nothing .
go back to sleep .
so they went back to sleep .
they woke up the next morning .
and then they saw it .
and they went outside and nothing came out .
<> so they were knocking on the doors .
and then they heard it open .
and so they ran behind some bushes .
and Danny was tryin(g) to stop Kaitlyn from going to say hi .
but she got away .
and she wants to say hi .
then the aliens were .
they just wanted to find a place to stay .
so Kaitlyn said they could stay .
but then when they went outside the next morning nothing was there .
and then Kaitlyn asked Danny about the ship .
and he said what are you talking about .
so Kaitlyn assumed that it was just a dream .
and it never really happened .
at seven o'clock when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother asked them where they wanted to go out for dinner .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got into the restaurant Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond ordered a happy meal , a vanilla milkshake and (5.) fries I think .
I know . [+ bch]
but I forget what their mom ordered .
(9.) okay .
their mom ordered something .
and when the clerk said that will be +...
wait .
and Lisa decided she wanted a chocolate icecream cone , a coke , and a happy meal .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom reached for her purse she saw it wasn't there .
she remembered she left it on the counter back at their house .
what should they do ?
okay .
last night Donnie had a sleepover at his friend's .
and they stayed up until two o'clock in the morning and then fell asleep .
one day later when Donnie woke up he was so tired that he couldn't concentrate on anything .
he spilled his cereal in his milk .
one of his shoelaces snapped .
and he missed the bus .
and his mom was really mad at him .
and he wasn't feeling too good .
when he gotta school his teacher told him that he was twenty minutes late .
and he got a tardy slip .
since then he's always been careful to always go to bed at an early time .
and if he has a sleepover he doesn't stay up so late .
alright .
(6.) Tom and Megan were going to school when they decided to play hookie and run off into the woods 0to see if they could find anything interesting and play games .
when they were there they heard a loud air blowing sound and something round flying in the air .
it came down lower and lower .
and it touched the ground .
and they saw it had weird markings on it .
they were scared .
so they hid behind a bush .
suddenly a compartment in the ship opened .
and an an alien family came out .
they were really weird .
but they somewhat had a nice look to them .
Megan wanted to go meet them .
but Tom was really scared .
and he wanted to stay and run .
Megan was about to run out and meet them when Tom grabbed her arm .
Megan was about to run out to meet them .
and she grabbed Tom's arm and pulled him out .
just then the alien family started saying <> things that made no sense to them .
and they saw that they had a little weird dog sort of thing that had no mouth and was covered with thick fur .
just then a big light came from the dog thingy and froze Tom and Megan in their place .
just then the aliens all yelled something very weird .
and and everything became swirly for Megan and Tom .
just then they could see in the distance the alien ship flying off .
and they both fainted .
when they woke up it was gone .
and they could only remember a faint memory of what happened .
but since they had just woken up they thought it might have easily been a dream .
so they came home and told their parents what happened .
they got in pretty big trouble .
but their parents all agreed that it was a dream so did Tom and Megan .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home .
mom .
um I forgot it .
from school .
after school .
her mom said where do you wanna eat tonight ?
Mcdonalds they shouted .
and when Lisa and him got in there she didn't know what to order .
and Raymond and her mom know what to order .
and the Mcdonalds man said twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then she forgot her wallet at home on the table .
there was a kid .
and he woke up out of his bed and went out to the kitchen and make him <> cereal .
then he got dressed .
and then he's tryin(g) to tie his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
then he missed the bus .
he was tryin(g) to catch it up .
but he didn't .
then he went into the school .
and he saw there was a teacher standing outside of the door .
she looked mad .
he was probably sad when he missed the bus that he hadta walk to school .
there's some aliens .
and they have a dog and a pet named Angie .
and the the ship with other ones .
then the man and the lady and their dog are walking out .
and they can shoot people .
and the man said no and grabbed the the girl .
she was happy .
and the aliens were happy too .
the dog didn't wanna walk .
they were on grass .
and there was a bench .
they were walking out of the ship .
that man was unhappy about the girl who leaved [: left] [* m:=ed] .
he said no .
and the alien said something to her kid .
Lisa and Raymond came back from school <> went to home .
and their mother said we're gonna eat out .
where would you like to go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal .
I forget what Lisa ordered.
and Raymond finally made up her mind and got a happy meal with coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and her mother ordered a salad .
and the total amount was twelve dollars something cents .
so then their mother reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she <> remembered that she had left it on the couch at home .
Ryan woke up looked at his clock .
he went in the kitchen .
and he found some cereal .
while he was pouring his milk into the bowl he was looking at the clock .
and he overfilled the bowl with milk .
then he got dressed and tied his shoe .
and one of the laces broke off .
then he got his backpack and started to run towards the school bus .
but it was too late .
so then he hadta walk to school .
when he went to school his +...
he walked up the steps .
and his teacher was telling him that he was late .
the end .
Jenny and Jeff went on a walk to the park .
and they were in the bushes when they saw a u_f_o land <> on the grass .
and four strange aliens came out .
one was waving .
one was holding a son .
the other was holding all the luggage .
and the son was holding a leash to the alien dog .
Jenny wanted to go meet them .
but Jeff didn't let her .
he pulled her back .
the two family looked like they were okay .
so they wanted to go meet with them .
and they had a fun time .
the end .
well they were at home .
and the mother asked where they would like to eat .
and at the same time Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they decided to go .
and it turned out that the mother left the purse at home .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to get .
but Raymond and the mother knew exactly what they wanted .
so they ordered first .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa made up her mind and said I want a happy meal or the Big_Mac .
and they ordered .
but they realized that they left the purse at home .
one day the little boy jimmy he was watching tv .
and he looked at the clock .
and he realized that it was really really late .
so he decided to go to bed .
the next morning jimmy he woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he slept late .
so he rushed down the stair and tried to pour his milk .
but it spilled everywhere .
so he hadta clean it up .
and that started taking up lots of time .
and the bus was about to come .
so he was getting on his shoes .
and he was rushing .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he ripped his shoelace .
so by the time that he got everything ready he ran to the busstop and saw the bus leaving .
so his mother gave him a ride to school .
and in the car she said that next time he shouldn't watch tv until so late .
and when he gotta school he wasn't paying attention .
one day Sara and john were walking through the park .
and they heard some weird gurgling noises .
and so they kept on walking .
but they were kind of scared .
and they saw three squids .
and they were coming out of a u_f_o .
and they were frightened .
and they didn't think that u_f_os were real .
but the u_f_os kind of looked like octopuses .
and they thought it was very strange .
and the girl Sara wanted to see what was happening .
but john decided that they shouldn't do it because it could be dangerous .
and they could get hurt .
so john pulled Sara away .
and Sara asked why they shouldn't look at what was happening .
and john said that he didn't want his sister to get hurt .
so they went back home .
and they kept everything a secret to their family .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother told them that were going to go out to eat .
and the mother asked where they wanna go .
and Lisa and Raymond both said they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa did not know if she wanna order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond and the mother both knew what they wanted .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and then the guy at the counter told them that the meal cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother went to go in her purse she realized that she left the purse on the kitchen table at home .
once when Andrew woke up one morning he realized that he was late .
he ran very quickly downstairs to eat his breakfast .
as he tried to pour his milk into his bowl he realized that he poured too much .
and the milk spilled on the floor .
after Andrew finished cleaning up his breakfish [: breakfast] and eating it he went upstairs to go get on his clothing .
as he was trying to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and he was very upset .
but he tried to tie his shoe with a very short lace .
then Andrew ran outside trying to catch the bus .
right as he came to the corner where his busstop was the bus drove away .
he decided he hadta run to school .
he ran <> as fast as he could .
and as he gotta the door the principal was waiting for him .
she told them that he was very late and that he would hafta get a late slip in the office .
one summer day <> Julia and Eric decided to go take a walk in the park .
they walked to the playground and swung on the swings for a while .
but they got bored .
and Julia decided that they should go to the lake to go swimming .
Eric didn't really wanna go .
but he decided that it would be all right .
so they went to the path that led to the lake .
as they gotta the bushes they they thought they heared a big <> bump sound .
they both hid down under the bushes .
and Julia decided that she should go see what it was .
Eric decided that wasn't that great of an idea because it could be a fierce animal or a airplane that crashed .
but Julia took Eric's hand and went to go see what it was .
they walked around the corner as they saw what looked like a spaceship and aliens walking off of it .
oh look Eric said .
there's aliens .
and Julia said hey <> that's kind of cool .
lets go up to them and see if they know any english .
<> so they went up to the aliens and asked them where do you come from ?
but all the aliens knew were weird words that Julia or Eric did not know .
so then Eric asked them can we go on your spaceship ?
there was no reply from the aliens .
so Julia walked on in .
as they got in the spaceship there looked like there was kids like them .
they talked to the kids for a while and decided that they would go swimming .
they went out of the spaceship and went to the lake to go swimming with the new friends that they made .
one day Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where do you wanna eat ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
<> so they went to Mcdonalds .
Raymond ordered a <> hamburger french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
Lisa couldn't decide if she should order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then she decided she wanted a Big_Mac .
so her mother told the guy what they wanted .
and then he said that'll be twelve fifty .
the mom looked for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the <> kitchen table at home .
one day there was a boy named George .
George was +...
one day George woke up really late and got dressed as fast as he could because it was really late .
and then <> George went downstairs and got breakfast and <> poured some milk for his cereal .
but but he wasn't paying attention to it .
so he spilled it all over himself .
then on his way to the bus he broke his shoelace and tried to fix it .
but it wouldn't work .
finally when he figured it out the bus went away .
and he he ran until he got too tired to catch up with it .
so he decided to walk to school .
when he finally got there the teacher was standing outside and was pointing to her watch and saying you are thirty minutes late .
next time I'd like you to be much earlier .
the end .
one day there was a family .
and their +...
and there was a boy and a girl named Joshua and Megan .
Joshua and Megan's family went to a parade .
the parade was very big .
and Megan didn't like it though .
Megan <> told Joshua that she wanted to go to the woods .
Joshua said no .
Joshua was trying to tell her no .
but Megan was already dragging him off .
so they explored the woods and saw lots of weird animals that they've seen in only books .
then then they were just about to go back <> when they saw a big opening space in the middle of the woods .
<> Megan saw something coming from the sky .
Megan said wow look at that !
and Joshua said we should be getting back to the parade now .
but Megan had already gone off to the ship .
right before she got there Joshua grabbed her hand .
Megan let go and grabbed his hand and took them to the ship .
then the ship opened up .
and bunch of weird aliens with tentacles and spots came out with a weird looking creature that that they guessed was their dog .
Joshua said Megan to stop .
but she wouldn't .
Megan went over to the aliens and said hi .
to Joshua's surprise the aliens were actually nice and not surprised to see them .
the the aliens +...
Megan wanted to tell everybody .
so Megan went back to the parade and told their parents .
their parents didn't believe them .
and and then Megan <> just wasn't surprised either .
so they went back .
and the aliens said said bye to them because they said that they had other planets to explore .
so Megan and Joshua went back to their parents and keep +...
and they <> always make up stories about what they <> could have done with the aliens .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said we are going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
when they got there Raymond and his mother knew exactly what they would have .
Raymond would order a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mother would order a salad .
when Lisa gotta the clerk she had decided what she would have .
she ordered a Kids_Meal with coke and chocolate icecream .
the clerk said it would cost eleven fifty .
when their mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she realized she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
on wednesday Brian's alarm clock did not sound .
so he got up later than he was usually sposta .
and he was so worried about the time that when he was having breakfast .
he poured too much milk into his cereal bowl and it spilled out .
so he hadta clean that up .
and that made him even later .
then when he was getting dressed and tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
so he couldn't tie his shoe .
but then he got a spare shoelace from his dad's old pair of shoes .
he made his lunch and put all his homework in his backpack and then ran out the door before he said goodbye to his mom .
so he sprinted to the busstop where the bus had left right before he got there .
so he hadta walk to school .
on the way to school he fell in a puddle and was dirty soaking and discouraged when he gotta school that morning after he was sposta +...
it was half an hour after he was sposta get to school .
one sunday afternoon Ryan and Megan were hiking in the woods where they found a path of oil .
and they they tried to follow it .
but there were many obstacles like large rocks and streams .
they managed to climb around or over the large rocks and through or over the streams .
soon after they were done with all the obstacles they found themselves in a green where there was a large picnic table and what seemed to be a landing site .
then they heard a large roar and looked up .
there was a flurry of lights and smoke filling the air .
they ran for the bushes and dove into them .
soon after a large spacecrafted object landed .
so they hid behind the bushes and waited .
soon after they waited for about five minutes and decided to head back .
once they were about five feet away from the bushes they heard a roar again .
then suddenly a door opened on the spacecraft which they had noticed by then had some markings on the top .
they soon after hid behind the bushes once again and saw octopuslike creatures come out of the space shuttle .
they were purple and wore clothes with green and blue polka dots on their skin .
they had large eyes and odd shaped heads .
one woman alien had hair .
they assumed these were aliens .
they decided to peek out around the bushes and try not to be seen once again .
they were not .
but when they peeked out a little child had come out with a weird looking dog .
it had shaggy fur but a bare head except for two patches of hair and bare legs .
they saw the aliens move to a picnic table .
then Megan wanted to jump out from behind the bushes and take the dog home to prove that it was real .
when they tried to Ryan had stopped Megan .
the lights on the spaceship lit up as if the spaceship knew they were there .
they decided to run from those bushes to a few others .
the aliens looked over to where they useta be and looked in the bushes .
the dog started growling at where they were .
and then they ran from their hiding spot and picked up some oil in a jar to prove they were real .
they ran back home .
but once they got home they showed their parents .
and in the jar there was nothing but water instead of oil .
they had led their parents to where they thought it was .
but there were no steams or rocks there anymore .
and they could not find the landing pad or the picnic table .
they had +...
when they were running back they had heard a loud roar and didn't look back .
to see that the spaceship had taken off again .
after Lisa and Raymond got home their mother told them that they were gonna go to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
and then Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it came to twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother said oops I left my purse at home .
a little boy woke up <> in the morning .
and he eat breakfast .
and when he poured the milk it made a mess .
and then the bowl broke .
then when he went to tie his shoes his shoestring ripped in half .
and then right when he was fixing that his bus came .
and it missed him .
and then he walked to school .
and he was late .
there was a little girl and a little boy .
they were playing in the park when suddenly a spaceship landed .
and then they wondered what was in it .
but the little boy was pulling his sister away .
so they don't get caught by the aliens .
and then they walk out and start unloading .
and then they decide that it was nice to stay and play with them .
and it was safe .
and that's the end .
their mom told them that they were going out to dinner .
[>] ?
mkay .
okay .
Lisa and Ryan &*INV:okay were gonna go out .
and their mom said that they're gonna go out and eat .
and then she asked them where do they wanna eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
let me see .
Lisa didn't know what she was gonna order .
by the time they gotta the counter Ryan <> told the clerk that he wanted a cheeseburger &*INV:okay some some fries and a vanilla milkshake .
<> their mom ordered a salad .
then Lisa made up my mind that she wanted a happy meal &*INV:okay a coke &*INV:okay and a chocolate cone .
and it costed [: cost] [* m:=ed] twelve dollars fifty cents .
by the time the mother reached into her purse she found out that she left the money on the kitchen table .
what should they do ?
once upon a time there was a boy named Tom .
he was late for school .
so he ran downstairs .
he made himself a bowl of cereal .
but then the milk spilled all over the place .
so he cleaned it all up .
then he went back upstairs and changed .
when he was tying his shoe his shoelace snapped .
so then he hadta fix it .
and by the time he was out to get in the bus the bus drove away .
so he hadta run to school .
and by the time he gotta school he was late .
once upon a time there is two kids a boy and a girl named +...
the boy's name was Daniel .
and the girl's name was Sara .
they were out at the park just walking around .
then they saw this weird looking ship landing .
then they saw aliens coming out of it .
Sara ran .
but her brother Daniel grabbed her and held her back .
and then the aliens were coming out with all these packages .
they had a kid a dog and parents .
the dad was carrying all the packages .
and the kid was holding the dog's leash .
so Sara just took her hand out and grabbed her older brother's hand and pulled him out .
but her brother was scared .
that's the end .
it was at a park .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school the mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you like to go ?
and Raymond and Lisa both yelled Mcdonalds .
so that night they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out she wanted to have a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but Raymond and the mother decided .
so when they were in line and they got up to the clerk Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and soda and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom ordered salad .
and Lisa ordered something with french_fries and coke .
and then when the clerk said the total is twelve fifty the mom looks for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she remembered she left it at home .
Joe's having a really bad day .
first he woke up late .
then he bumped his head .
then then when he was making his cereal he poured the milk .
and then when he was tying his shoe he ripped his shoelace .
after he got all ready everything packed his backpack .
<> right when he ran out of his house the schoolbus was leaving .
he yelled after it .
he was sad .
so he hadta walk to school .
he was late .
when when Mary and her friend bob went [% child interrupted by intercom announcement] to the park and brought <> some stuff for a picnic with them .
when they were walking over to the bench and table they saw a queer big blimp sort of thing .
it was just landing .
it had weird writing .
it looked almost like chinese even though they haven't studied it .
<> then they saw people coming out .
they had squidlike legs .
the little kid had a doglike creature .
and they they were carrying all these bags .
they looked nice .
so Mary went over .
but bob tried to hold her back .
when they went over the so called squid aliens were nice and talked to them .
and then Mary and bob said I don't think it's safe here .
you should go to a different planet .
some people will try to capture you and hurt you .
so the aliens packed up and left .
and then Mary and bob told their parents .
but they didn't believe them .
so to this day Mary and bob always have the secret of seeing aliens .
one tuesday the mom asked the kids Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to go out to eat .
they decided to go to Mcdonalds .
when they were there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
but Raymond and their mom could decide really fast .
<> Raymond decided a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom decided to have a salad .
finally Lisa could make up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal &*INV:mhm with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
<> their mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she said she left it on the counter at the house .
oh .
one day Joe woke up .
he looked at his clock and saw it was seven thirty .
he was late for the bus .
he went to go get some cereal .
and when he was pouring the milk it spilled all over .
he was really mad .
then he went to go get dressed .
and when he was tying his shoe a lace broke .
he was madder .
0 .
then when he was going out to the busstop he saw a bus with thirty four .
that was his bus .
he ran after it yelling stop .
but no one heard him or saw him .
then he hadta walk to school .
when he was at the door the teacher said you're late .
and then he got a tardy slip .
the end .
one day john and Vanessa were having a picnic .
as they were walking to their table they saw this flying saucer land in the middle of the park .
Vanessa wanted to go check it out .
but john said no .
she was trying to pull him .
but he resisted .
when the door opened octopuslike people came out .
they were both shocked .
they were from the planet Gazork .
0 .
they wanted to visit earth .
Vanessa pulled John hard enough and went over .
and the aliens saw them .
they said greetings earthling .
and then John jumped back .
Vanessa said hello .
and then they said we wanted to see your planet .
and then they all became friends .
Lisa and Raymond were coming back from somewhere when their mom was like hey we're gonna go out to eat <> somewhere .
then Raymond and Lisa both knew where they <> wanted to go .
so they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
so their mother drove them to <> the nearest Mcdonalds where in their area was .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
she didn't know if she should order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her mom and Raymond knew what they were gonna order .
so at first Raymond said I would like a Big_Mac with french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
<> and then his mom said that she wanted a salad .
so Lisa was still thinking about it .
and she said I know what I'll get .
I'll get a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
so after that their mother reached for her +...
the Mcdonalds clerk said that would be twelve fifty .
so she reached for her purse .
and she noticed it wasn't there .
so then she thought .
and she noticed that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
and that's when the story ended .
and I made my predictions and xxx .
one day there was a boy named john who was late for school .
the clock said eight o'clock .
he hadta be at school at eight fifteen .
so he hadta eat his breakfast put on his clothes and get on the bus in fifteen minutes .
so he got up .
and he hadta make breakfast .
he tried to make cereal as quick as he could .
but he couldn't because he was rushing .
his eyes were still a little tired .
and he still needed to have his clothes on and stuff .
so when he tried to pour the milk it spilled all over the table .
after that he tried to put on his clothes and shoes .
while he was putting on his shoes his shoelace broke off of his shoe .
after that he told his mom he was going .
and he went outside to wait for the bus .
as soon as he opened the door he saw the bus leaving from the busstop .
hey wait up he said .
the bus left .
and then he went to school late as ever .
the end .
okay .
this story is called The_Alien_Invasion .
one day a boy named Michael and a girl named Eliza were walking in the park .
they heard a humming sound .
what's that Michael asked .
I don't know Eliza said .
but it sounds pretty weird .
they went behind the bush to see if they could sneak up on it .
then they saw <> strange object flying in the sky .
Michael what is that Eliza asked .
I don't know .
they both said it's a bird .
then they both said at the same time no it's a plane .
then as soon as the object landed like no it's alien invasions .
right as soon as it landed these supports came out from the bottom of the ship .
then a door opened with steam coming out of it .
so they hid behind a bush until they can see what happened .
then aliens came out a kid one a mom one a dad one .
and one more coming after it with a pet that looks like a dog but not really with a long neck .
and it had a tail with a lot of fur just like it has on his body .
they decided that they might wanna go out and meet them .
Michael was like no come back .
you can't make me go out there .
so as soon as Eliza was trying to pull Michael out Michael objected that he would go out .
Eliza said come on don't be a scaredy-cat .
they're just aliens .
Michael was like exactly aliens .
the end .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school one day , their mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
she said where do you wanna go ?
they both screamed Mcdonalds .
Lisa just was not sure what she wanted to order there .
they gotta Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and his mom knew what they were gonna order .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted to order a happy meal soda <> a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
Raymond wanted to order chocolate milkshake and what else uh +...
I forget what else .
Lisa's mom wanted to order a salad .
Lisa stepped up and told the clerk what she wanted .
clerk said it would be twelve dollar .
and Lisa's mom reached for her purse but discovered that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
and that's the end of the story .
An_Unlucky_Day is the name of [>] .
one day when Michael woke up he bumped his head on his alarm clock .
and he woke up late .
<> while pouring breakfast late he spilled the milk and cereal .
and then while tying his shoe he pulled the lace out of his shoe .
later that day he missed the bus on the way to school .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
when he finally got there the teacher was angry .
she says why weren't you here about an hour ago ?
and he explained that he was having a very unlucky day .
one day Lisa and Michael were walking in the park .
they suddenly gotta the picnic area .
and saw a ship .
out_o(f) the ship came aliens with a zillion legs .
um what was her name again ?
I always forget the name .
alright .
Lisa wanted to investigate .
but mark was scared .
but Lisa was determined .
she went forward .
and grabbed mark to come with her .
when they gotta the aliens they turned out they were pretty nice .
they invited them for a barbeque at their house .
their parents were very afraid of them and kicked them out called the police had them arrested .
and that's the end .
it was after school .
and Raymond and his sister got home from school .
and their mother said we're going out to eat tonight and asked where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond's sister couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Raymond and his mother knew what they wanted .
they wanted a happy meal and a salad .
and then Raymond's sister knew what she wanted .
and she ordered a chocolate ice cream a drink and something else .
and it all cost twelve dollars and something cents .
and then their mother went to reach for her pocketbook .
and she realized she left it home on the counter .
and they didn't know what to do .
Jacob got up .
he he was already late because he had not woken up from his alarm clock .
he went down to the kitchen made cereal .
he spilled a little bit of the milk .
but that didn't disturb him .
and when he got ready he broke his shoelace .
and after that he went outside .
and when he got out he had already missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late .
and the teacher marked him tardy .
one day Sara and Jacob were going to the park when they saw a u_f_o land .
they saw four Martians and their pet dog coming .
they were amazed .
and they went to go tell their parents .
but their parents did not believe them .
so they went back .
their parents saw the Martians coming out .
and then the parents called the government .
and the government came .
and then the Martians were gone .
they did not know where they went .
and from that day on they did not know where the aliens went .
and a year later the Martians came back .
and it happened again .
and they never saw them again after that day .
one day there [>] +/.
okay .
one day Lisa Raymond said that they were hungry to their mom .
and then their mom said what do you want ?
and then they both said Mcdonalds .
and then they drove up to the Mcdonalds restaurant &*INV:mhm and ordered uh not ordered yeah .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a hamburger .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries with a <> vanilla milkshake .
and then the the cash register person guy said to the mother that that will cost twelve dollars and <> fifty cents or something .
and the mother reached down for her purse .
and she realized that she left it at home .
what is the problem ?
or what should she do ?
one day bobby woke up by his alarm clock that woke him up .
and he had a headache and was not feeling good .
he was not having a good day .
and he wasn't feeling good .
and when he went to breakfast everything went wrong .
and he was a having a very bad day .
and even when he tried to tie his shoes his shoes snapped .
and then when he got ready and tried to catch the bus the school bus was +...
wuuohh@c let me start over .
okay .
now I get it .
okay .
now I get it .
he realized that he was late for the bus .
and then when he went to school he hadta walk to school .
and he realized he was late for that .
and he had a very bad day .
and he was late for everything .
he woke up late too .
one day Lisa and Jason were following a trail because it was on a friday .
and they were walking a trail because they were walking through the woods .
and they spotted a spaceship with aliens coming out of it with tentacles with an alien pet that looked just like a <> dog .
they treated it just like a dog .
and they were wearing human clothes like dresses and shirts .
and and the dog had his own collar .
and it looked like the aliens were moving in and having a picnic on that picnic table .
and Lisa and Jason were hiding behind a bush watching them .
and then the aliens who dropped them off there closed the spaceship and took off .
one day after Raymond and Lisa got home from school their mother said today we're going out to eat .
now where do you wanna go ?
and <> Lisa and Raymond wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted to have a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a milkshake and fries I think .
and and then Lisa finally made up her +...
and the mother ordered salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered coke and a salad .
that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
but then when the mother reached out to get her purse it was gone .
she realized she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day Andrew woke up and realized it was very late .
so he hurried with +...
well it was very late .
and he would be tardy for school .
so he hadta hurry up .
but since he hurried he wasn't careful .
when he poured the milk in his cereal bowl he spilled a_lot .
and later when he wanted to tie his shoes he ripped off the shoelace .
and then later he had missed the school bus .
so he became tardy at school .
it's called Friendly_Aliens .
one day Mark and Tina went to play in the park .
but then they heard a strange techno sound .
they looked up in the sky and was a real <> bright light .
even the daylight was nothing compared to it .
then they saw something landing .
first they thought it was a big plane .
but then they realized it was a u_f_o .
when they saw aliens stepping out of the u_f_o they ran as far away as they could .
but the aliens didn't chase them .
since then mark and Tina didn't wanna play in the park anymore .
but then since that was a long time the aliens might have forgotten about them .
so they went to play again .
but then the aliens landed again .
first they tried to run away .
but the aliens said halt !
we are not dangerous .
first they didn't wanna believe them .
but but after a lot of thinking they went to follow them .
it was very neat in the u_f_o .
they gotta see how aliens live on mars .
and then a few days later the aliens gotta see how humans live on earth .
it was tuesday .
and Raymond and Lisa's mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
where do you think we should eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
and she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to get a happy meal or uh +...
I forgot the other one .
and Raymond and the mom both knew what they were gonna get .
so Raymond got a a chocolate milkshake a cheeseburger and a coke .
the mother got a salad .
and Lisa decided that she was going to get a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
the clerk said that it was twelve dollars and forty five cents .
and the mother went to get her wallet .
but she <> had forgot her pocketbook on the kitchen counter at home .
and yeah I ended .
okay I'll call it The_Bad_Day .
one day Jim woke up .
and he thought it was just gonna be a regular day .
and he would do all of his regular stuff and go to school .
he went downstairs and saw that he had overslept a little bit .
and he was rushing while he was pouring .
and while he was pouring his milk for his breakfast into his cereal bowl he spilled it .
and it just made him even more late .
and he was trying .
and then after he finally got his breakfast he he got dressed .
and while he was starting to get his shoes on a lace broke off of his shoe .
<> so that made him even take longer to get dressed and put his shoes on .
and now he hadta also catch the bus .
but so he finally got his shoes on .
and he was just getting outside as the school bus pulled away from his house because they thought he wasn't there .
he hadta walk all the way to school which was a few blocks downtown .
and when he finally got there he saw his teacher outside .
and he got in trouble because he was late .
one day john and Maria decided that they needed some fresh air .
and they wanted to go to the park .
it was a nice saturday morning .
and they had brang a picnic basket because they planed on staying until the afternoon .
and they wanted to have lunch there .
they were going to the bench where they were going to have lunch .
but all of a sudden they saw a big green light .
and they looked up .
and then they saw a ship coming down from the sky .
it landed right next to the bench that they were about to go to .
a hatch opened from from the ship .
Maria said it looks like an alien ship .
things came out of the alien ship .
in fact they were aliens .
it was a momma alien papa alien a sister alien and a brother alien .
one of them was holding a very odd creature that that had a leash on it .
<> Maria and john thought that maybe that was their version of a dog .
Maria wanted to go and see .
but john said no .
Maria really wanted to .
but john still didn't let her .
they ran back home .
and they told their parents what had happened .
their parents said okay then .
if there are aliens let's go back to the park .
they went back to the park .
and Maria and john showed them where the alien ship had landed .
but it wasn't there anymore .
and after that they never saw it again .
one day Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mom said they're gonna to eat out .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat .
so they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then they ordered .
then they went in .
and they ordered the food .
and the clerk said how much it was .
and the mom told them that she forgot her purse .
okay .
one day a boy woke up .
he was running late .
he ran downstairs and was too busy looking at the clock .
he spilt his milk .
he got dressed and put his shoes on .
but his shoe lace snapped off .
he he ran out .
and he missed the bus .
he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school his teacher was very mad that he was late .
he he told her what happened .
one day a brother and sister wanted to go for a walk .
they they were walking in the forest .
and the boy and the girl saw a strange looking dog .
the girl liked dogs so she was going over to touch it .
but the boy said no you can't go over there because they're strange aliens there .
she didn't notice them .
she just kept looking .
the boy grabbed her hand +...
the girl grabbed his hand and took him with her .
they they met +...
the alien said hi .
and they had a picnic .
and the aliens told them that they were just new here .
and they needed someone to show them around .
so the girl and the boy offered to show them around and have a picnic together .
the end .
on tuesday the the kids came home .
and the mom said where would you like to go eat ?
and and the kids yelled at Mcdonalds .
and so the mom drove to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered cheeseburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and [% cough] Lisa couldn't decide which order to a happy meal or a <> Big_Mac .
and so she finally decided .
and she said I want a happy meal coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the mom said she would like a salad .
and that all cost twelve dollars .
so when the mom reached to her purse the twelve dollars wasn't there .
so so <> she left it on the kitchen counter .
once a boy he just got up to go to school .
and his alarm clock rang .
and then he spilled his milk when he was tryin(g) to eat cereal .
then <> when he went to go tie his shoes his lace broke .
he got out of the house .
and then his mom said be good at school .
and then he walked to the busstop .
and then the bus left without him .
and all the kids ran into the school .
and then the bell rang .
and then it was at two hours later .
and the little boy came .
and the teacher said you are too late .
you go to detention .
once there was a boy and a girl .
and they they were behind a bush .
an alien ship came down .
and then the dog started barking .
and then the aliens knew that there was people looking at them .
and so they got the girl .
and they took her to the spaceship .
<> another day later the parents put signs up .
and then the last time the boy went on the spaceship with them .
and then when they came out first they started to look weird and then weirder and then the weirderest@c .
and then their mom said go back with the aliens .
and the dog went with the parents .
and then those parents took care of it .
&=laughs and then they lived happily ever after .
on tuesday afternoon Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mom said that they could go out somewhere .
but I don't know .
and their mother asked them where they wanted to go .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped into the <> car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
they went into the restaurant .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but <> her brother and her mother knew what they wanted .
the clerk asked Raymond what he wanted .
and he said he wanted a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate sundae [% giggles] .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa then decided she wanted a happy meal .
and then their mother reached down to take her purse and realized that she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
one day a boy named Matt woke up .
he realized something had fallen on his head [% child laughs] .
and it was his alarm clock .
he realized he he was late .
so he went to the breakfast table to start pouring his milk .
when he poured his milk it all started dripping out of the bowl .
then he looked up at the clock and thought I'm late oh no .
then he decided to put on his shoes .
he tried to tie his shoelace when it broke .
now he was frustrated .
then he decided to just run and catch the school bus before he was really late .
so he grabbed his backpack .
and he started to run .
but by the time he reached the school bus had already started .
soon when he reached school tired and unhappy he came walking up the steps when the teacher pointed to to her clock and said you're late .
the end .
one day on a saturday evening a girl named Jasmine and her brother decided to go take a walk in the park .
when they did they found a different path .
the brother and the sister decided to take it .
then they found aliens with lots of feet all coming out from something that looked like a hotel .
there were benches and trees just like anywhere else .
but they didn't look like very nice people .
the sister decided to go and say hi .
but the brother thought this was not a very good idea .
and so but the sister dragged him into it anyway .
the alien +...
but the brother still stayed behind .
the sister took <> her chances .
she went .
and she said +...
the aliens screamed with horror .
and they ran away .
the brother ran away too because he was scared .
then the girl thought oh well maybe next time .
but then before she left she found a little leg on the floor .
[^ laughs] I'm just making this up .
and she took it home .
and her parents said what in the world is this ?
she's like it's an alien leg I found on the floor .
soon their parents went to the path leading to where they had seen the aliens .
and they saw it .
they saw the beautiful spaceship and people coming out of it .
then the spaceship left .
and they never saw it again .
the end .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother told them they're going out to eat .
and she asked them what store they wanna go to .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
her brother ordered a vanilla shake hamburger .
and their mother <> ordered a salad .
then Lisa made up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
and the clerk said that that was twelve fifty .
when her mother reached out to get her purse she said oh no I forgot it on the counter back home .
one day a boy named Ryan woke up .
and he woke up late because his alarm clock he forgot to set it at night .
and it didn't go off .
and he rushed to get his breakfast .
and since he was almost late for school he rushed <> through breakfast and spilled milk .
then he broke his shoelace when he was tying his shoes <> because he didn't wanna be late for the school bus .
and when he was done he left to the bus stop .
and he saw that the bus was leaving .
and he ran after it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and then he finally came to school because he was running .
and his teacher said that he is five minutes late .
there once was a boy and a girl named Daniel and Karina .
and they were going out through the woods so they could pick some berries .
and they heard some sounds over there .
and they were wondering what it is .
so they went behind a bush .
and they were peeking .
and they saw a spaceship just landed there and some strange looking people coming out .
and Karina said those are aliens !
and Daniel didn't believe her .
he said but there's no such thing as aliens .
and she said look for yourself .
and he saw .
and he was afraid .
then the aliens heard them .
and they came over to see what was happening .
and Karina and Daniel were afraid .
so instead of running they tried to tell them what happened .
and the aliens understood .
and the aliens told Karina and Daniel to promise to keep this a secret .
so when they went home they kept it a secret .
and they didn't tell .
I can't remember the brother's name .
one day Lisa and Tommy came home from school .
and their mother asked where they wanted to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so when they got there Lisa wasn't sure if she should buy a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mother already knew what they were going to order .
Raymond was going to get a vanilla milkshake and a meal .
and her mother was going to buy a salad .
finally Lisa decided she'd buy a <> happy meal and a coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
then the cashier said it would be twelve fifty .
when their mother looked for her purse to get the money she noticed it wasn't there .
one day a boy woke up late .
he looked at his alarm clock .
it seemed like it hadn't gone off .
when he tried to make breakfast he still wasn't dressed .
and he had milk <> everywhere .
when he was dressed and he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then on his way to the bus he was <> running .
it was a long run .
but finally when he got there the bus had just left .
he followed the bus all the way to school .
when all the kids had already gotten to school the lady was standing outside waiting for him .
she asked him <> what time it was and what had happened .
one day a girl and a boy were walking through the woods .
then they came to a a clearing .
they saw this big <> spaceship .
they had no clue what was in it .
then all of a sudden it opened up .
then weird things started to come out of it .
they had no clue what they were .
they wished they had a camera and things with them <> so they could prove to other people in the town that people from outer space were moving in .
but the <> boy thought it wasn't a good idea .
but the girl wanted to go meet the new people .
the boy stopped her just in time before the aliens from outer space came to talk to the girl and boy .
the kids had just gotten home from school .
and their mother asked where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out if she wanted the Big_Mac or the happy meal .
so they gotta the counter .
and Lisa finally made up her mind to get the happy meal and a large vanilla shake and a chocolate icecream .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a large vanilla milk shake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and she reached to get the twelve dollars .
but she didn't have it .
and she remembered that she left the purse at home on the Couter .
the horrible day .
and one mourning Sammy woke up .
and his alarm clock was five minutes late .
and then he went downstairs for his cereal .
and the milk came out all at once and spilled all over the counter .
so he hadta clean that up .
and that made him even later .
and then he went to tie his shoes .
and the shoelace broke .
so he hadta go tape it .
and then when he finally got out the door the bus was just leaving .
and his teacher hated it when he was late .
so he hadta run all the way to school as fast as he could .
and when he gotta school his teacher was upset with him .
and he hadta stay for detention .
the orange space ship .
one day Jesse and Michael were walking through in the Greenville .
and they heard <> puffing sound .
and Jesse wanted to go see what it was .
and so they went .
and they saw the aliens .
and there were four aliens and a dog alien .
and Jesse wanted to go meet them .
but Michael thought it was a horrible idea in_case they were diseased or bad .
and they ended up going to meet them .
and then Jesse and Michael showed them around the town .
and they had lunch together .
and they found out that they were good aliens .
and Michael learned that he shouldn't believe something's bad because of how it looks .
Jesse didn't really learn anything .
she knew about that rule .
Raymond and Lisa's mom decided to go out .
she asked Raymond and Lisa where they wanted to go to .
and Raymond and Lisa both said Mcdonalds .
they hoped into the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
<> she wanted a hamburger with fries or a happy meal .
Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted to have .
when they gotta the clerk Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and his mom wanted a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal with a coke and and a chocolate icecream cone .
it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
that's what the clerk said .
and Raymond and Lisa's mom reached to get her purse .
but she knew it wasn't there .
she left it at the house on the kitchen counter .
a guy woke up one morning and figured it was eight o'clock .
and he hadta get ready .
and he went down to the kitchen to pour some breakfast .
he spilled the milk .
and so he probably hadta clean that mess up .
he got dressed .
and when he was tying his shoe his shoelace broke .
and so he probably hadta repair that .
and then he tried to catch the bus .
but he was late .
the bus already left .
and it was on its way .
and he was like stop .
then he gotta school .
and the teacher's like why are you late ?
and it looks like he didn't say anything .
he didn't .
one day Sara and Tom were going to a picnic .
but when they were going back home they saw aliens .
and Sara wanted to go go see them .
but Tom yelled no and then tried to get back .
but she kept on going and going and going .
and then the aliens got them and took them back to Planet_Xxx .
and they lived badly ever after .
the end .
it was xxx came from from school .
and their mom said that they were gonna go out and eat .
and the mom said where were they going to eat .
and the kids said Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and the girl didn't know what to order .
and when they gotta the counter they they knew what to order .
the kid ordered a cheeseburger and fries and a milkshake .
and their mom ordered salad .
and the girl ordered a happy meal &*INV:mhm and fries and a chocolate icecream .
and when the lady said it was twelve twelve fifty &*INV:mhm nine or something .
when her mom <> reached in the bag &*INV:mhm the money wasn't there .
and she said that <> she left it in the kitchen .
at home .
it was in the morning when the um +...
do I hafta say a name or +...
there was a xxx xxx a boy that woke up late .
and then he was seeing the clock .
and and he was pouring milk in his plate .
and the milk was all falling down .
and when he was putting his clothes and tying his shoe one of the strings broke .
and he was mad .
and then when he left the house when going for the bus the bus left him .
and he hadta walk home by hisself .
and then when he gotta the school the teacher was waiting for him or the principal .
I don't know .
he was coming in .
and the teacher or principal told him why was he late .
and then he told her why .
and he had a bad day .
there was +...
oh wait are these octopuses ?
okay .
there was a story that octopuses came to the ground .
and then a girl wanted to see them .
and the boy didn't wanna .
he was scared of it .
but the girl really really wanted to see them .
and it was her mom octopus women .
and it ran .
and it xxx girl with their dog .
the dog was an octopus too .
and then last he wasn't really scared and ran to meet them .
and then they left but the octopuses octopuses left back because the octopus scared the people .
and then they left .
and then they never came back .
and that's how the story happened .
one day when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom asked what would you like for dinner .
and they told her Mcdonalds .
they both said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
then when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't figure out what to order .
but then [% whispers] Raymond would decide that he would have [% whispers] .
can't remember +...
and after he got done his mom ordered salad .
but Lisa finally decided that she would have a happy meal coke and then icecream cone .
it all came down to twelve fifty .
so then their mom reached for the purse .
and <> she looked .
and her purse wasn't there .
and then she <> realized that it was siting on her bed at home .
one day a little boy named Johnny was sleeping for school .
but then when his alarm clock <> rang he was too tired to get up .
the time was clicking .
and he was late .
so then Johnny went to go pour himself some cereal .
but then he made himself some cereal in the kitchen .
but then he was looking somewhere else while he was pouring his cereal .
and he dropped his milk all over the kitchen table .
but then the time was clicking some more .
he started to go put on his shoes and clothes .
but then when he was trying to tie his shoes too fast <> one of a shoelaces broke off .
Johnny felt really sad .
but then the time that he got his backpack and everything was right he raced to the school bus .
but the school bus was already gone .
it had gone to school already .
then Johnny hadta run to school .
when he gotta school she said Johnny you're late .
go get a late slip .
because she was principal .
that was the office that he was going in to get his late slip .
then he went to go get his late slip .
and he went to class .
the end .
one day a boy named David and a girl named Lisa went to the park .
they played and played in the forest everywhere they could .
but then they stopped by some trees .
then David stopped by some trees .
because David saw a airplane .
and didn't know what the airplane was what it was carrying or anything .
then Lisa asked David if we should go open it .
but then before David could say no the door opened slowly .
something came out .
and David didn't know what it was .
but Lisa knew exactly what it was .
she told him they were Martians aliens whatever she could .
but David didn't know if Lisa was right .
then the whole family came out .
even there was a dog .
and then Lisa went out to see the Martians or whatever they were .
and David pulled her back and said no no .
but she didn't listen .
then there was a mom of the martian family a dad of the martian family a little girl <> and a dog .
they all met .
and they started getting along .
then they hadta go back home .
and Lisa and David didn't know what to do .
so Lisa asked that they can come with us if she can go with them .
and David's like uhuh .
we gotta go back home .
mom would be mad .
and Lisa said I don't care .
but the martian family said uhuh .
you're mom cares too much about you guys .
you should stay .
because your mom would be totally worried .
so they got back in the airplane .
and they all said goodbye .
the airplane door closed very slowly .
and it blasted off back to where the Martians came from .
Lisa was tired .
so she wanted to go back home .
David was scared .
because he didn't know what they were .
then as soon as they got home their mom asked where were you guys at ?
and David said we had a great adventure .
a better one that we ever had .
so then the mom asked what was it .
and David and Lisa told all about it .
then they got a good night sleep for the next day at the park .
the end .
I'll try .
and when they went to sleep they both had dreams about the Martians .
they wished that they were where the Martians were .
and they had good dreams and bad dreams about them .
that's all I can think of .
it was tuesday night and Lisa and Raymond their mother asked we're going out .
and their mom asked what do you wanna eat .
and Lisa and Raymond yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond wanted a vanilla shake and and a cheeseburger and some fries .
and Lisa wanted a coke and a vanilla shake yeah .
and her mom reached to get her purse .
and she said it was at home .
the next day he looked at his alarm clock .
and he was late .
he went to get breakfast .
he spilled his milk .
then he got dressed <> tied his shoes .
and his shoelace broke .
then he went outside .
and he was late for school .
then he went to school .
then he gotta school .
and then he was late .
and his teacher was mad .
so she gave him detention .
the <> next morning Max looked at his alarm clock .
he was not late .
he got up poured his milk did not spill it .
he tied his shoes did not break his shoelace .
then he went outside .
he was not late for school .
then he gotta school .
his teacher was not mad .
he did not get detention .
one day Daniel and Alex were walking to the park <> which they always do .
they noticed something different that there was a big ship there .
they were wondering what <> it was .
so they walked up to it .
and they touched it .
then door opened .
they were very scared .
so they got behind a bush .
then out came these twelve legged people .
and they had a kid a mom and a dad and another kid .
they sat down and had lunch .
Alex was very interested about them .
but Daniel was very scared .
Alex got behind a tree by them .
and Daniel ran home .
the next day Alex told Daniel about everything .
and Daniel wished he was there .
their mother got home right after .
and then she asked her kids what do you want for supper ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they hoped into the car and gotta Mcdonalds .
and the boy ordered a vanilla icecream cone with a coke and a cheeseburger .
and then their sister ordered a chocolate milkshake .
and and their mother ordered a chocolate milkshake .
and the little girl wanted a a regular vanilla cone .
and then their mother said I forgot my purse .
there was a boy named Charlie .
he woke up this morning .
and he woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up too late .
and he tried to fix his cereal .
and the cereal spilled out of the bowl .
and he got dressed after that and tried to put on his shoes .
and tied one shoe correctly .
and the other shoe broke the string .
he wasn't having a good day at first .
so he went out and got his book back .
and got outside and waited for the bus .
he saw the bus go by and tried to run after it .
and he didn't get up to it .
and when he gotta school he was already ten minutes late .
and the teacher told him that you are late .
and he just said I just been having a bad morning .
Sam and Michael were walking .
and they were bored so they tried to go on for a walk to the park .
and when they got there they saw an object moving in the air .
and it got closer and closer .
and then all of a sudden they saw these people .
and they looked like big octopuses .
so they thought that it was .
and they looked like they were trying to move into here .
and they looked so weird .
so they tried to see what they were going to do and spy on them .
and so they saw them go into this place and just eat their lunch .
and they looked like they were coming on a campout .
so they said hello .
and they ate together .
and when they went back they told their mom and dad what day they had .
and their mom and dad said you guys have wild imaginations .
Lisa and Raymond were home .
and their mother came home .
and she asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said they did .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't make up her mind about what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a <> Happy_Meal .
and so her mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
so Raymond went up to the sales clerk and asked him <> if he could have a cheeseburger a soda and xxx and xxx .
mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind to get a happy meal .
and she asked for a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the sales clerk said that the price was gonna be twelve fifty <> the mother reached for her purse where she left it on the kitchen counter .
and +/.
I can't remember anything more .
Josh was so sleepy one day that he didn't wake up early enough to get ready for school .
so when he finally woke up he saw the alarm clock and got scared that he wasn't gonna make it to school .
so he tried to get some cereal .
but he kept on dropping the milk out of the bowl and overflowing the bowl .
and he kept on looking at the clock .
and then he put on his clothes .
and he tried to put on his shoes but he was so frustrated that he couldn't tie his shoes .
and his shoelaces broke .
and when he finally got outside to catch the school bus he was late for it .
and he hadta try to chase it .
but finally he gotta school .
and he was really late .
and his teacher gave him a late slip and told him that he hadta wait until after the pledges to go to class .
john and Michelle were having a fun time at the park one day when they were playing ball .
their ball flew over Michelle's head .
and it landed over the bushes .
they went to go get the ball .
but when they went over they saw that there was an alien family and a spaceship .
and Michelle wanted to go investigate them and say hello .
but her brother wouldn't let her .
so Michelle finally got away from her brother and went to go say hello .
and when she finally said hello she couldn't understand them .
and they didn't understand her .
so she she just left them behind got her ball and went back to play ball .
Lisa and Raymond asked their mother +...
after they got home from school their mother asked them we're gonna go out to eat tonight .
and then Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they ran outside and jumped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
when they came in Lisa didn't know if she wanted a happy meal or a big hamburger .
and Raymond and the mother knew what they wanted .
and then Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal .
the mother ordered a salad .
Raymond ordered the big hamburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa ordered happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the mother reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and then they hadta +...
and then that's all .
hm::m I can give the person a name too ?
okay .
one morning Sam woke up .
he was very sleepy and drowsy .
so he went to go make his breakfast .
he poured the cereal in .
but accidentally the milk overflowed and made some puddles .
so he cleaned it up .
then he was getting his clothes on .
he <> had broke his shoelace .
and he was very mad .
then he ran outside .
and the bus left him .
and then the principal was standing out at the school entrance .
she pointed at her watch and said you're late .
he walked in the school and sat down and done his morning work .
one afternoon Ashley and Alex and their family went camping .
and then Ashley and Alex got lost in the woods .
they found this park .
and then they saw <> five aliens in the park .
Ashley wanted to introduce herself .
Alex says no .
and then she grabs him and walks .
and they say hi .
and then he runs away .
and then she tries to go find him .
but she never found him .
so she played with the aliens and asked them to come again .
Lisa and Raymond went home .
and their mother asked them where wanted to eat .
at the same time they shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the front +...
and then the Raymond asked for cheeseburger french fries coke and a milkshake .
the mother asked for a salad .
Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
and she said happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
the mother reached for her purse .
and then wasn't there .
there was a boy .
and he was going to school .
when he left he ran home really fast to tell his mother that the next day there would be a play .
and his class would be doing the play .
and he had worked really hard for it .
he fell asleep .
and then when he woke up he saw the time .
it was really really late .
why didn't the alarm wake me up he wondered ?
oh well I don't have time to wonder now .
I hafta go .
so he ran out to the breakfast table .
he poured in cereal .
he poured in way too much .
so he hadta take out a lot .
and then he poured in the milk .
and it spilled all over .
he decided to skip breakfast .
he went to find his clothes .
he thought he had layed them out on the floor the other day .
but they weren't there .
he looked all over for them .
then he gave up .
he went to find some other clothes .
then he went to get his shoes .
then he remembered he had no socks on .
so he went to get his socks .
he couldn't find a a pair that matched .
so he just took two put them on and then put on his shoes .
as he was tying his right shoe the lace broke off .
and the other one fell +...
the lace broke off .
and the other one fell out .
he ran outside and ran to the bus stop .
the bus was leaving already .
so he hadta run to school .
when he got there teacher said you're late .
the play ended an hour ago .
where were you ?
and he explained what happened that morning .
and the teacher said that kind of thing happens all the time .
but next time ask your mother to wake you up if your alarm doesn't go off .
there was a boy and a girl .
and they were at the park .
they were playing soccer .
then the boy kicked the ball really high in the air .
it was high in the air really high above the trees .
and then it fell down far away .
they went to find it .
they didn't find it .
instead they found this big round object .
and they didn't know what it was .
then a door opened .
and some strange creatures came out .
what a wonderful place one of them said .
<> shall we put down our bags ?
the girl wanted to go out and see what they were .
but the boy said don't .
the girl went out anyway .
and the boy followed her .
the creatures didn't see them .
and they went into the big round object .
and then they heard the creatures coming back in .
they heard the door close .
they couldn't get out .
and they went out .
the girl went out to the creatures .
she wanted to get out .
the creatures saw her .
and the smallest creature ran up to her examined her then ran back to the others .
she said we needta get out .
we got trapped in here .
let us out of here .
the creature said how'd you get in here ?
and they told them what they had done .
and then the creatures let them out .
once they were safe away from the creatures the girl said look what I found .
it's one of their bags .
I took it from them .
let's go show mom and dad .
so they went .
on the way girl lost the bag .
she didn't realize it until she got home and after she had told her parents .
they decided to go back to the park to see the exact spot that it had happened .
they sort of did a replay of what had happened except with their parents this time .
they went +...
so the boy kicked the ball high in the air .
they lost the ball .
and they went to find the ball .
they did find the ball and the other ball but not the creatures .
and they wondered had this really happened or not .
the parents said you must have imagined it .
and the boy and the girl decided that everyday they came to the park they would try and find the creatures again .
but they never found them .
Lisa's mom asked we can eat out tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they shouted out Mcdonalds .
and so the mom and the kids jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order .
but but the brother and the mom did .
and so the brother ordered a Big_Mac french fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a a salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
and she decided she would get a happy meal french fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that would be twelve dollars .
and the mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she forgot to get it on the table when they left home .
what was the problem ?
a little boy got up for school one morning .
and he didn't +...
he got up really late .
so he rushed downstairs .
and it was eight o'clock .
and he poured the milk into his bowl .
but he was distracted looking at the clock .
and he poured too much .
and it dripped down the table .
then he got dressed .
and he hurried to put his shoes on .
and it snapped .
and then he hadta go and cut the other one to make it even .
so he ran outside .
but the school bus left .
so then he ran all the way to school .
and his teacher put him in detention for being late .
there once was a boy named Michael and a girl named Jenn .
and they were taking a walk .
and then they saw these big aliens .
one <> had pants and a yellow shirt and a purple jacket .
and another had a purple skirt and a purple top on .
and a little girl had a skirt on with a yellow shirt on .
and the dad was a lab with a little frizzball@c at the end .
and they were coming home from a family reunion because their great great great grandma just died .
and they came home .
and Jenn saw them .
and then Michael said no don't go .
they could be dangerous .
so they went home .
and they told their mom and their dad what they saw .
on tuesday um (5.) oh gosh (10.) +...
they went to Mcdonalds with their mom .
and they ordered theirself [: themselves] .
and it was twelve fifty .
and then their mom figured out she had left some purse on the counter in her house .
so they couldn't buy anything until she got it back .
a boy named bill woke up one morning and saw his clock and said <> he was late for school .
so he <> didn't get dressed .
so he went to the kitchen first and poured his milk all over the counter because he wasn't paying attention .
then he went back to <> his &=sighs room and put on his clothes .
and he broke his shoelace .
and <> he hadta go to school with a broken shoelace .
he ran outside grabbed his bookbag and ran outside .
then he saw that he had missed the bus from his bus stop .
he could see it way down there .
so he tried to wave and stop it .
but it wouldn't stop .
when he gotta school the teacher looked at him weirdly .
his hair was messed up .
he was out of breath .
and his teacher just couldn't think of what had happened to him that day .
one day there was two kids Jessica and bill .
they were walking down a trail until they came to a bush .
and Jessica looked through the bush and saw a big flying saucer .
it landed on the ground and out came a family of aliens .
the mother had the little child .
and the child had the dog .
and the father was carrying all the bags .
Jessica and bill wondered why they came here .
and Jessica wanted to go see them and talk to them .
but bill said no because they were aliens and not everything could happen .
and as they walked out of the saucer somebody waved goodbye and closed the back .
then they took their dog on a walk to the park .
and that's when Jessica finally found out that they didn't have a home .
so they tried to find a home for them .
but they couldn't .
so they just lived outside for the rest .
and nobody knew but Jessica and bill .
okay .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and <> their mother said we're gonna go out eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yell Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
but Raymond and his mother knew what they were going to get .
Raymond got a cheeseburger with a large vanilla milkshake and fries .
and his mother got a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind and got a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother forgot her purse .
Tommy forgot to set his alarm clock before he went to bed .
so when he woke up it was nine o'clock .
and school started at nine fifteen .
he tried to pour his milk .
but he was so worried that it spilled all over .
then <> he was in such a hurry to get on the bus he tied his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
he went out to the bus .
and the bus was leaving .
he was very worried .
he hadta walk to school .
and it took him fifteen minutes .
so he was late .
when he gotta school it was nine thirty .
and his teacher was mad .
once upon a time two kids went to the park .
while they were there they saw this strange looking thing .
they saw a a door open .
out walk some aliens .
Jennifer wanted to go see them .
but Todd didn't .
Todd was scared .
he didn't want anything to happen to Jennifer or <> himself .
but then Jennifer saw the aliens .
and they looked friendly .
so she pulled Todd .
so he could see them .
they were very friendly .
they made friends .
and they played at the park together .
the end .
once there were two kids .
and their mom told them they were going out to eat .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled at the same time Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and the mom knew what they wanted to eat .
but Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and and so she decided on one .
and they went up to the counter .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger .
their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted french fries and a big [% child laughs] vanilla shake .
and then the clerk said it'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom reached for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and so [% child laughs] um I don't know +...
this boy wakes up .
and he looks like he might be late or something .
and he tries to pour his milk .
and he's hurrying so much .
and he's looking at the clock so much that he forgets to look at what he's doing .
and he spills the milk over .
and then he tries to tie his shoe .
and he's so frustrated and trying to hurry up that they break .
and then he he tries to run to school .
he tries to run to the school that the school bus stopped .
but the school bus has already left .
and the teacher is standing outside the class .
and he's late .
and she's telling him that he's late .
a boy and girl probably <> they were going on a picnic .
and then this thing lands in the grass .
and they don't know what it is .
so they run and go behind a bush .
and then they they peek over the bush .
and there's a family of aliens walking out or octopus aliens .
and then the girl looks like she wants to go out and meet them and stuff .
but the brother doesn't wanna .
he probably thinks it's too dangerous and stuff .
and the girl's trying to go out and meet them .
and the boy's holding on her back .
and the aliens have four people the mom the dad and the little sister and another one on a ship .
and then they have their dog .
and that's it .
okay .
Lisa and Raymond were at their house .
one day their mom came to them and said what do you guys want for dinner .
and they both <> yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond knew knew what he was gonna order .
and their mom knew what they were gonna order .
finally when they got there Lisa knew what she was gonna order .
Raymond ordered &*INV:okay a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and fries .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a coke a chocolate icecream cone and a happy meal .
and then when they were gonna pay their mom forgot the money .
and it was on the counter .
and <> so then they had a problem and stuff .
once a boy named jack woke up one morning .
and it was past time when he was sposta wake up .
and when he was getting ready for school he spilled his milk on the table .
and then when he was tying his shoes he broke his shoelace .
and so then when he went outside the school bus just left .
and when he gotta school the teacher said jack why are you late ?
and he said because when I woke up this morning it was past time when I was sposta wake up .
I spilled milk on the table .
and my shoelaces broke .
and I missed the bus .
and the teacher said that's okay because he missed the bus and stuff .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then he went inside and did everything .
once there was a boy named Jake and a girl named Michelle .
they were going to the park one day to have a picnic .
and they saw a family of aliens &*INV:mhm and their dog and a spaceship with some kind of writing on the top .
and Michelle wanted to go see who they are and what their names were .
but then Jake said no we shouldn't do that .
we don't know who they are .
and they're strangers .
but Michelle just went on .
and she went over to the dog .
and the dog started barking and bit her .
and so then she ran back .
they went to get their parents .
they all came down .
and the alien family walked over to them to talk to them .
and then they all became friends .
and I don't know .
yeah .
I'm not sure what else I think .
on tuesday Lucy and Raymond walked in their house .
and their mother told them they were going out to eat .
and where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Lucy couldn't figure out what whether she was going to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and her mother already knew what they were going to get .
when it was time for them to order Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a fries and a <> vanilla <> milkshake .
and their mother ordered a chef salad .
finally Lisa knew what she wanted .
she was going to have a happy meal with fries and a coke .
the clerk told them that it all ordered up to twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mother reached to get her purse .
and then she realized it wasn't there .
she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
what should they do ?
one day Sam's alarm clock rang at four o'clock in the morning .
he couldn't believe it .
finally he got back to sleep .
but by then it was already time to get up .
so he stumbled out of bed and went downstairs to <> eat some breakfast .
<> he got the cereal out and the milk and the the spoon and bowl everything .
and he poured his cereal .
but he didn't really pour milk that well .
but he thought he'd try anyways .
but when he poured it the bowl overflowed and make a big mess .
and he took about an hour to clean it up .
then he went to go get dressed and put his shoes on .
when he was brushing his teeth and getting dressed and combing his hair finally put his shoes on and <> tied one .
and when he went to tie the other his shoestring broke .
and so he hadta just loop the other one around and tie it into a big knot .
he was late for the schoolbus .
and when he gotta school he hadta get a tardy and have his mom call because he was late .
one day an alien family was up in some unknown planet .
and they were getting quite bored there .
they had no friends no place to go .
and they were all pretty lonely .
they were <> sometimes a bit tired of just each other and their dog .
they had many nice things and decided to build a spaceship .
they had already learned all the things that humans knew already .
but they had no idea what humans were .
after they had their spaceship built they painted some unknown language on it and decided to go see what there was to see .
one day they saw a planet that had some blue stuff and some green stuff and some white stuff .
they decided to go see what it was .
it was around that same time a man and a woman were taking a walk .
they were going to have a picnic on the picnic bench in the park .
the girl's name was Lucy .
and the boy's name was Fred .
Fred and Lucy saw the spaceship land .
and after the aliens walked out Fred wanted to go back .
but Lucy wanted to go check it out .
the aliens had already seen them and were walking over .
at that time Lucy and Fred both ran all the way back to town .
they ran straight into the closest place the bakery and told their story .
nobody believed them but said that maybe they should have a couple sweets since they might need a little sugar for the next couple of hours while everybody keeps saying no we believe your story .
the end .
one day when Lisa and Raymond come home from somewhere their mom told them they were going out to eat .
she asked where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Raymond ordered something .
I forgot what .
their mom ordered a salad .
but but Lisa she didn't know what to get .
she finally decided that she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
so they said +...
so when they got ready to pay for it the person at the Mcdonalds said that they hadta pay twelve fifty .
but mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
so then that was the end of the story that you told .
Carlos was a clumsy child .
one morning when he got out of bed the alarm went off .
<> he bonked his head on <> his little table that was beside his bed .
and after that <> he had a headache .
after he bonked his head on his stool thing he decided to go make breakfast .
well he tried to make it .
but he spilled the cereal .
and he spilled the milk .
and I'm not sure what happened to the cereal .
he spilled that too .
so after that he got dressed .
<> nothing happened bad then .
so that was good .
<> then he went to put on his shoes .
when he was putting them on his shoelace broke .
he wasn't very happy .
<> so his mom hadta go find him a new shoelace .
so he hadta go to school .
so he ran out the door to catch the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
he hadta run to catch it .
and I don't think he made it .
well when he got at school he walked up the steps .
he was the last person to school .
when he was walking up the stairs the principal was there .
she was <> asking him why he was late .
he told him about <> the way his morning was .
and then she allowed him to go inside .
the end .
this story is going to be called The_New_Neighbors .
once there were two people named Kylie and Mitchell .
Kylie and Mitchell went to the same school .
they lived on the same road .
and they were best friends .
well one day they <> wanted to take a walk in the park .
but soon they were in the middle of the park .
they saw an alien spaceship landing with strange markings on it .
it was maybe twenty feet off the ground .
so they decided to hide and watch what was going to happen .
so then when the spaceship landed they were watching .
Kylie she saw some aliens come out with many legs .
and they were polka dotted .
she wanted to go see them .
<> but Mitchell said no you can't go see them .
what if they're dangerous .
and so she said you're right .
but let's go find out anyway .
so Kylie Kylie grabbed Mitchell by his hand and dragged him out to say hi .
it turned out that they were very nice .
<> the alien's little daughter was the same age Kylie and Mitchell were .
so they were friends from then on .
and they lived in the spaceship .
so sometimes Kylie and Mitchell went off onto the spaceship to play with their daughter whose name was Kara .
so Kara and Kylie and Mitchell were all best friends forever and ever until they died .
the end .
once there was a mom and a girl named Kathleen and a boy named Raymond .
and the mom said let's go out to eat tonight .
and they said yeah how about Mcdonalds ?
and then they packed up in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
the girl didn't know what she would order .
but Raymond wanted a chocolate milkshake and a cheeseburger .
and the mom ordered a Big_Mac .
I don't know .
and then the girl <> thought of what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal .
<> so the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and then the mom found out that she left her purse on the counter at home .
once there was a boy called Donald .
he got up in the morning .
and he got a good night's sleep .
but his head hurt .
he was really tired still .
he was trying to pour the milk into his cereal .
but the milk spilled all over the place .
then he he fixed it .
and he went to go tie his shoes .
but his shoestring broke .
he was trying to catch the bus after .
but he gotta the bus stop too late .
and he missed the bus .
he gotta school late .
and the teacher was sort of angry .
but she was okay with it .
he had a better day .
once there was a man and a girl .
the girl's name was Lina .
and the man's name was jack .
they were going to the park to have a picnic .
and then they saw something very strange in the sky .
it landed at the park .
these weird looking things were coming out .
they had a lot of legs and polka dots all over them .
they had a weird looking animal .
or is it an animal ?
Lina wanted to go see them .
but jack jack said no they might be aliens .
and then Lina was going to go say hi .
she ran and went to go say hi .
but then they said they were nice .
and they had a picnic together .
and they all went home .
when the kids got home from school the mom told them they're going to go out to eat tonight .
and the children said where ?
and the mom said at Mcdonalds .
and they gotta Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't <> remember what she wanted to eat .
and I forgot the mother's name .
mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa she wanted to figure out did she want a Big_Mac or a happy meal ?
when they went up to the counter Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger happy meal with a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom wanted a Big_Mac .
and Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a milkshake and a chocolate cone .
and when the man said it will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then when the mom realized she left her purse their purse wasn't there on the counter .
then she remembered she left it at home on the kitchen table .
one day the boy was late for school .
he was such in a rush he spilt his milk .
and his shoe ripped .
so he <> had probably to tie it .
and he was so late he missed the bus .
and then he was late for school .
one day some kids were playing at the park .
then they saw a weirdest thing come down .
it was a spaceship with aliens in it that wanna come at the park .
and the boy was scared .
but the girl wasn't .
the girl wanted to go meet them .
but the boy didn't wanna .
and when the aliens sitted down and ate their lunch they went back into their spaceship and went off .
the mother came home and she asked the +...
the mother came home .
and she asked the kids what they wanted .
and they were going to go out .
so they told her that <> they wanted to go to Mcdonalds [*] .
and the little girl couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but the mom and Russ whatever his name was knew what he wanted [*] .
and the mother did too .
she wanted a salad .
he wanted a milkshake and a cheeseburger .
and so finally she made up her mind .
and she got a happy meal .
when the man said it was eleven dollars and nine cents <> the mother reached into her purse .
and she realized that it wasn't there .
the end .
I'm going to call this story A_Horrible_No_Good_Very_Bad_Day .
one morning a little boy named Russell woke up .
and he bumped his head .
he was trying to pour in some milk .
and it got all over .
his shoelaces were broken .
his pants were breaking .
he lost his bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher was taping her foot and looking at her clock [*] .
he thought that he was gonna get a bad grade .
but it happened all over again every single day until he remembered that I should go to bed when my mom and dad tell me [*] .
so he did .
the end .
there was a new family just around the block .
the aliens' name was Sagina &=laughs Lalina Tom .
and their dog's name was Malee .
and there was a little boy and girl that heard about them .
their names were Ross and Michelle .
so they went to go check out who was moving in .
but they were aliens .
and they didn't know it .
so the spaceship looked not really cool .
so they thought that she could check it out [*] .
but the brother screamed no Michelle .
she said come on <> Ross .
it's okay .
there's nothing to be worried about .
but they went on .
and the aliens took their little beam and fired at her .
they ran home as fast as they could to get to their house .
but they forgot where they lived .
so they went to their granddaddy's house .
and he took them home .
and they had a good day .
and their dog ruffed@o at her .
he didn't know what to do .
so Michelle said let's don't go back there anymore [*] .
that's kinda creepy .
then they knew what to do .
the end .
they they didn't have the money .
the boy was late for school .
then he got up at the wrong time .
and he thought he was late .
and he was .
he didn't concentrate pouring the milk in his bowl (5.) because he was late .
then his shoestring broke .
he felt mad .
then he was late for the school bus .
he was running after it .
then he was very late for school .
one day a a little girl and her brother or her friend went to the park .
when they were heading towards it +...
then when a little girl peeked behind a big spaceship landed on the park .
then <> some people came out .
and her friend or brother got scared .
and he yelled no don't go !
they might hurt you .
and the <> little girl said no they're probably nice .
so she went over there .
and they had a dog and a child and a mother and a father .
and she talked to them .
and they sound nice for a little while [*] .
then they said do you wanna come back home with us ?
and she got scared .
and she said no .
so the little girl and his friend or her brother ran back home as fast as they could .
and they told their mother and their father .
<> the little girl said I saw aliens at the park .
and the father said do you wanna go back where you saw them ?
no said the little girl .
she wanted to stay home where she was .
okay when Lisa and Raymond got home from school the mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat .
they said Mcdonalds and jumping up went to Mcdonalds [*] .
their mother and Raymond already knew what they were going to order .
but Lisa didn't .
when they gotta the counter Raymond said I want a cheeseburger cheeseburger and a chocolate shake .
and the mother said a salad .
and Lisa decided what she was going to have .
she said a coke [*] and a chocolate icecream cone .
but .
and the guy said twelve ninety five .
her mother reached to get her purse .
but it wasn't there .
he forgot she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
okay a guy got out of bed .
he realized that it was something .
<> he went to breakfast .
he accidently spilled his milk all over .
he ripped his shoelace .
he missed the school bus .
he gotta school late .
fifteen and that's it .
once a flying saucer went down from earth .
they went into the park .
and people were scared because they had eight legs .
and they had weird faces .
and their dog was weird too .
and they came from space .
and one girl was trying to see them .
the end .
[*] that's the ending .
mom said they are going to go out to eat tonight .
and she asked them where they were going to go .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
when they got inside the restaurant Lisa can't make up her mind .
does she want a kidsmeal or a Big_Mac ?
but mom and somebody already knew what they want [*] .
somebody wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and vanilla milkshake .
but when mom tried to get her purse it wasn't there .
now she remembered .
she put it on the kitchen table .
when I got up from bed I tried to pour some milk into my cereal .
but it spilled .
I tried to tie my shoe .
but it broke .
so I I missed the bus .
and I was late for school .
once upon a time there was a family .
they saw some aliens .
but the aliens +...
but their dad said don't go near them .
but the mom said I wanna meet them .
but she couldn't .
but the aliens aliens said hi friends .
and then they walked off and found a home .
the end .
first when they got from school her mother said tonight we're going out to eat [*] .
where do you wanna go ?
and then they yelled Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped into the car .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
then Lisa said when she gotta the counter she didn't know what to order .
hm: hm: that's a silly one .
now what was the other part ?
and then the next part said oh I know I'm gonna get cheeseburger french fries and chocolate icecream [*] .
I'm gonna order that today .
chicken sandwich icecream and a coke .
Sally then changed her mind .
then she thought I wanna get the happy meal .
and then she wanted strawberry icecream and a coke and french fries .
this boy get up out of his bed .
he spilled the milk .
then he went to put his clothes on .
then the bus was going .
and the bus didn't come to wait [*] .
and then the teacher said why were you so late ?
he said I don't know because the school bus left .
first this family came from space .
and then this girl ran .
and then the family said oh hi hi hi hi .
and then the space shuttle went up .
then these are like sea otters or something .
they're like octopuses .
and they came into the brother and mother's house .
and then they said wow this house is good .
this house is very good .
they had a dog name broccoli &=laughs .
the dog's named broccoli .
okay and then the mother and the father and the child likeded [: liked] [* m:+ed] the house [*] .
her name was Sally .
her name Miss_mary and he's a man .
is he ?
it's a she too .
they have she too [*] .
it's a she and Mrs_mary [*] .
this is Miss_mary .
and this is Mrs_mary .
they wanted to go with their family in the house .
okay the end .
I'm all done .
no .
they both wanted to go eat at Mcdonalds .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
[^ (5.)] and then they jumped in the car .
and mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
once upon a time a boy woke up from his bed .
and he went to the table to eat breakfast and looked at the clock .
and he hadta hurry .
and he got ready for school .
and he ran after the bus .
but the bus was too fast .
so he hurried to school as fast as he can .
and he was late .
once upon a time there was two little kids .
and then the alien ship dropped down .
and aliens came out of the ship .
and they looked around .
and the boy and the girl smiled .
uh uh .
when (5.) (12.) Lisa and her brother got home their mother said we are going out to eat .
where would you wanna go ?
they shouted Mcdonalds .
they jumped into the car .
(5.) Lisa and her brother ordered a Big_Mac and a shake .
her sister ordered a happy meal .
and her brother's mom didn't order anything .
a little boy woke up .
he was looking at the clock and pouring some milk into a bowl .
he got dressed .
and then he put his shoe on .
and then he was pulling on the shoelace .
and it broke .
he ran for the busstop .
the bus left .
when he gotta school the teacher said you are late .
once upon a time there was two people [*] .
a girl and a boy saw a spaceship coming down .
when the door opened aliens came out with an alien dog .
an alien family at the park .
uhuh .
Mack and Lisa as they just got back from the school their mother asked them if they wanted to go out and eat [*] .
and she said where do you wanna go .
and the two of them yelled Mcdonalds .
then they got in the car and drove there .
and Mack decided what he wanted .
and and the mother decided what <> she wanted .
but Lisa she didn't know what she wanted .
and then Mack [*] and said I want a happy meal happy meal .
I want a cheeseburger and a drink and a milkshake .
and her mom said to the chef I want a salad .
and Lisa finally made up .
she said to the chef I want a happy meal with with a drink and vanilla icecream .
and it cost six cents .
and then the mother reached back for her purse .
she realized that she left her purse on the kitchen table at home .
one morning Jonathon woke up .
and he shut off his alarm clock and poured him some cereal .
he made a big mess .
and he got ready for school .
when he was walking his shoes were untied .
and he accidentally stepped on one .
and it broke .
then he asked his mother to fix it .
then he missed the bus .
and he started running towards it to try to get to the bus and make it stop .
when he was running he noticed the bus stopped at his school .
and he went in .
and his teacher said he was late .
and then he went sat in his chair and learned about dinosaurs .
and then he he went back home and told his mother he had a hard day .
she made him lay down and rest .
then somebody came to visit his teacher .
and then he went to his teacher and said I'm sorry .
I was late .
then he went back home .
and then he got in his bed and watched tv .
and then he went downstairs .
and he he asked his mom if he could invite one of his friends over .
and she said no because his friend was sick too .
then the next morning he woke up .
and then he he didn't feel good .
so his mom let him stay home .
and he complained about his stomach hurting .
and he had a headache .
one morning Kaitlyn played outside on the playground .
and then they spotted a spaceship floating down to the world .
and then came out of it was octopuses and aliens .
and then of the day [*] the octopuses landed there was this girl and this boy .
the girl ran towards the octopuses .
the boy went back two two steps .
and the little boy said to the girl don't go over there .
they might be aliens from space .
and they might even take you for dinner .
and the little girl said no they won't .
they look like friendly [*] .
some monsters do but they really aren't .
so the girl took back two steps too [*] .
and the girl went over and said are you aliens .
and they said yes .
and the girl answered what are you doing here .
you're not a alien .
and so she said we live on earth .
you guys don't .
you live in outer space .
and then the octopuses found their home in the sea .
they took their little dog with them .
and the little girl tried to steal the little dog .
but she couldn't because they were guarding the dog .
and then Allysa ran to the dog when the family turned their head and grabbed the dog and took off .
then the dog growled at the little girl and jumped out of her hands and went back to the octopuses .
the end .
seven the mom picked the kids up from school .
and the mom said where do you wanna go eat for lunch ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and then they hoped in the car [*] .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and (7.) I forgot it .
the girl didn't know what to choose from a cheeseburger or a Big_Mac [*] .
and the mom and the <> boy knew what they wanted .
the boy wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a chocolate shake .
and the mom wanted a salad .
four and then the girl decided on what she wanted .
she wanted a cheeseburger a chocolate icecream cone and [% (5.)] +...
I forgot xxx .
he woke up .
and he was late late .
he made his breakfast .
and he made a mess .
and he's trying to tie his shoes .
and the thing came out of his pants .
and then he missed the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
three a boy and the girl came out of the bushes .
<> they were in the bushes .
and then they saw a spaceship come down .
and aliens come out .
and then the girl wanted to go out and see them .
and (6.) the boy said don't do it .
and she kept looking .
and they came to stay .
and the spaceship went up .
.
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered a cheeseburger and a happy meal .
and the mom ordered a salad .
but she forgot her purse .
that's all I can remember .
the boy wakes up .
and he has breakfast .
and he spilled his breakfast .
and he's trying to tie his shoes except he broke his shoelace .
<> and he missed the bus .
and +...
I forgot the rest .
the ship landed .
and all the aliens came out .
and the little girl or the teenager she went out dragging her father .
one day when Raymond and Lisa got home from school their mother said we are going out to eat tonight .
she asked the children where they wanted to eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
Raymond and Lisa jumped in the car [*] .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
Lisa +...
the mother wanted a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone .
the person behind the counter said that will be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
when the mother reached for her purse it was gone .
she realized that she had left it on the counter at home .
one morning a boy got out of bed .
he was having a bad day .
he went to pour his milk .
but he spilled it .
then he went to tie his shoes .
but he broke his shoelace .
he ran outside and tried to catch the school bus .
but it was already past his street .
when he got to school his teacher said let's go you are late bob .
and you are never late .
but I will let you go this time .
one day a spaceship flew down from the woods .
Jane and bobby stopped to see it .
when everyone came out there was octopuses [*] wearing dresses that looked like people and an octopus dog .
Jane wanted to get closer to see .
but bobby said don't do it .
they will get you .
Jane got closer and closer .
but the family was very friendly .
bobby and Jane said we hafta go home now .
and they went home and told their parents .
their parents said I I wanna meet this family .
so bobby and Jane took their mother and father to the octopus's house and showed them their people .
at first the mother and father were a little bit nervous .
but then they saw that the family was nice .
and they had dinner with the family .
and then they went back home .
the end .
the mom had salad .
and the brother had a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and sister had a happy meal and a vanilla <> milkshake .
and the mom lost her +...
she and the mom had salad .
and then she lost her pocketbook .
he <> woke up .
and he put milk in his cereal .
and then he put his shoes on and got dressed .
and and he ran to the bus .
and then he went home .
the family walked out of the ship .
and another man stayed in there .
and a sheep came with them .
and then they were gonna go eat lunch .
and father's trying to go on the ship .
they're taking the ship to go to New_York .
and that's all .
when Lisa and Raymond came back home from school their mother said we are going out for dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go to eat ?
Mcdonalds they shouted .
they jumped in the car .
then their mother drove them to the restaurant .
when they got there Lisa forgot what she wanted .
but Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted .
Lisa forgot .
Raymond said I'll have a vanilla milkshake a french fries [*] and a sandwich .
their mother wanted a coke with salad .
there was a +...
and Lisa certainly knew what she wanted .
she wanted coke a chocolate icecream cone french fries and a sandwich sandwich .
the server said that will be twenty one cents out of thirty .
their mother reached into her pocket .
she didn't feel anything .
she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
then they hadta drive back home and get it .
what is their name ?
when jimmy woke up he was late for school .
he dropped the milk on the table by accident .
he broke his shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and his teacher was very very mad .
Jim and Michelle .
they were going through a path that they didn't know where they lead [*] .
they went in the alien worlds .
they actually met five aliens .
they looked like <> octopuses with <> spots on them .
but they were actually aliens .
Jim was scared that they would hurt them .
Michelle wasn't .
she was very psyched because she never saw aliens like that .
they were on a plane that had just started to go .
another alien was waving bye because she couldn't come .
they were having lots of stops .
the dad had all the stop [*] .
the mother hadta walk the baby .
and the baby hadta walk the doggie .
they suddenly went out in the bushes .
they spooked the whole family of aliens .
they actually knew they were actually aliens .
they were not octopuses .
[% child coughs] they walked the dog .
there was a father .
they were a mother [*] .
there was a child .
there was a dog .
there was Jim and Michelle .
they did not know what to say to them .
did they wanna say welcome to our world ?
did they wanna say hello what's your name ?
are you dad ?
do you have a name ?
I don't know I don't know I don't know what else to say .
the end .
they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
when they got there they +...
I forgot the boys name .
[*] Lisa's mom and her brother both know what they wanted then .
but Lisa didn't know .
and then her brother wanted a cheeseburger and a milkshake and some french fries .
and her mom wanted a salad .
and then Lisa finally remembered what she wanted .
and she wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
[*] and then their +...
I don't know how much it was .
but then their mom forgot her purse .
then they hadta go back and get it .
he woke up .
and he was late .
and then he spilled his milk .
and he broke his <> shoelace .
and he was late for the bus .
and then he got at school late [*] .
there was a girl and boy going to the park .
and then they saw octopuses coming out of this space thing .
and there was a dad and a mom and a girl and a dog .
and they thought it was cool .
and there was a person that was an octopus too waving goodbye [*] .
I forgot .
Mcdonalds .
they ordered their food and when their mother tried to get the money it wasn't there .
I don't know what to say .
he got out of bed .
and he went to get his cereal .
and he spilled the milk .
he tried to tie his shoe .
his shoelace came off .
he missed his bus .
and he was late for school .
there was people going in this alien world [*] .
aliens coming off the spaceship [*] .
.
they wanted to go <> to Mcdonalds .
and then their mother drove them to the place like Mcdonalds [*] .
and when they walked into the restaurant Lisa couldn't remember what she wanted .
and mommy and the boy they already knew what they wanted .
and mommy ordered a salad .
and then finally Lisa made up what she wanted .
one day a little boy slept in really late [*] .
and then she got started to get dressed [*] .
and the shoelace broke .
then she tried to pour milk in the cereal bowl .
and she made a big big mess .
and then she missed the school bus .
and then she gotta school late .
one day there was a little girl and a little boy .
and they went to the park .
and a big spaceship landed in the ground [*] .
and octopus alien came out of it [*] .
and the girl went to go and meet them .
but the boy said no don't .
they're dangerous creatures .
and then they went home to tell their parents .
and then they went .
and they saw the aliens .
and they ran home and took a nap .
the end .
after Raymond and I forgot +...
Raymond and xxx and I forgot her name +...
after school the mom said that we're going out for dinner .
and the boy said to the man who worked at Mcdonalds I want a vanilla shake .
she couldn't decide what she could have a happy meal or a big sardine sandwich .
I forgot .
so she decided she wanted a um trying to think here +...
she wanted a chocolate shake .
and [*] mother wanted a salad .
that's all I can remember .
once upon a time there was a boy .
he woke up .
he he spilled the milk .
he he tied his shoes .
he missed the bus .
so he came <> at school late [*] .
there is octopuses and a kid and a mom and a dad and a girl inside her xxx .
the girl wants this boy to see these guys [*] .
and so she tried to .
he said no no !
and the last ending was +...
she took +...
I wanna I wanna hear myself do the thing .
okay .
that's the end .
and so the girl and the boy went to see them .
the boy said alright only this one time .
that's the end .
they were going to Mcdonalds .
he he wanted a hamburger and fries .
and the girl wanted the [*] chocolate chip icecream and french fries and a hamburger with mayonnaise .
the boy was getting ready .
and the boy was trying to [*] make <> breakfast .
and the boy was tying his shoe too hard .
and the boy was late for the bus .
and the boy was late for school .
there's aliens .
moms and dad and and a dog and a <> kid alien .
and there's real people here [% makes pointing'rubbing noise] .
there's a bench .
the mother and daddy are walking in the bushes .
the aliens are walking .
I think it was one monday monday morning .
after Lisa and Clark got off of school their mother said that they can go out to eat .
and Lisa and Clark said Mcdonalds .
I think it was together or something like that .
then they both hoped into the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they went into the restaurant .
and Lisa didn't know what to buy .
but Lisa's mom and Clark knew .
so when she gotta the counter she knew .
she ordered a happy meal .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and Clark ordered a Big_Mac with a milkshake .
and then the owner said it would be two fifty five .
and the mother just realized that she didn't have her purse with her .
she left it on the kitchen counter .
one thursday morning a little boy named (5.) Jan got up and made hisself a breakfast .
but <> he poured too much milk .
and then he was mad .
he changed out of his pajamas .
and put on his shirts [*] .
and it was almost time for school .
<> so he got on his shoes .
and he was trying to tie his shoes .
but a shoelace snapped .
and then he was really mad .
then he was late for school .
then he tried to catch the bus .
then when he gotta school he was really late .
the end .
one friday morning everyone was having a picnic in the park .
but then in the afternoon they saw a flying saucer climbing down to the ground .
and they were going to set up camp there .
but then all the people ran .
but the girls wanted to see them .
and then the aliens had a cute dog named fluffy .
and he was really cute .
and the little kid told them to be careful .
but they can hold the leash .
and then they were going to stay for ten days .
and then the next day they came back .
and then the aliens changed their mind .
then they went back home .
the end .
when the two kids got back from school their mother said tonight what do you wanna go to ?
and right when they hoped in the car she said [*] where do you wanna go ?
and they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and they drive to Mcdonalds .
and brook ordered a shake .
and the girl got up .
she got xxx .
and the mom got the salad .
and right before she was about to order she said a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the mother turned around to get her purse .
she remembered that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
Anthony got up because his clock was ringing .
and he poured some milk .
but he was having a bad day .
and he spilled .
and when he got his shoes on his shoe ripped .
so he went out to the schoolbus .
and the bus left .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said you are late for school .
when it was morning the children went out to play .
and when they got there they saw the aliens with the pet dog .
so she dropped her brother to to see the aliens .
[*] and the alien sister and grandma waved <> bye to them .
and they said wow .
and the dad and the mom <> and the girl all went to eat .
and the brother said stop stop !
and she wouldn't stop .
and she went to go put the dog in .
right when she petted him they sizzled at him .
and she got hurt .
when the <> children got home from school they they asked their mom could they go out at Mcdonalds [*] .
and they went there .
and and then their mom realized that she left her purse at home at the kitchen counter .
when the boy woke up he was really tired because he spilled the milk .
and he pulled the <> shoelace out .
and people don't do that very often .
and he missed the school bus .
and he didn't come to school on time .
because look at the teacher pointing at her watch .
look at him looking at the clock .
the aliens came down from outer space .
and they walked down .
and the boy was scared .
but the girl wasn't .
they came down with a <> dad a mom and a little kid and a dog .
and they have eight legs and polka dots .
that's as long as I can think of .
Lisa didn't know what to have first .
and then her knew .
and Tommy got a chocolate milkshake .
and the momma got her wallet at home at the kitchen counter [*] .
that's all I know .
and that little boy name was Tommy .
and the little girl's name was Lisa .
one day the little boy woke up .
and when he woke up he tried to tie his shoes .
the strap broke .
and then he went to go to xxx .
and then when he gotta the bus it was leaving .
and then went the teacher looked at the boy and pointed at him [*] .
one day two little kids went somewhere .
and then they went to somewhere to play .
and then they saw a planet coming down with aliens with a alien dog too .
and the kids got scared .
the one kid the small says don't go [*] .
and they had stuff in their hands .
the dad did .
the mom had the kid .
and the kid had a dog .
and the mom alien looked .
and her her put her hand out .
and the other one that drive from there waved back .
and then the kids comed .
they started unpacking .
and they were doing it again .
they were there again .
Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mother asked where do you wanna eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and so so Lisa <> started to think .
and she wanted a happy meal .
and so the mom got a salad .
Raymond got a milkshake .
and Lisa got a happy meal .
and then when it was time to pay the mom left her money at home .
so that's it .
[>] .
there was a boy .
and he got out of bed .
and his alarm clock was late .
so he saw the alarm clock .
and he thought I'm late for school .
and so he got out of bed .
and he tried to pour his cereal .
but he was really quick and in a really bad rush .
and so when he was trying to tie his shoe also one of the laces broke off .
and so when he saw the school bus come it just left .
so he was running for it as quick as he could .
and he gotta school in time .
[*] there were two kids .
and they were playing on a playground .
and they saw a spaceship landing from another planet .
there came octopuses coming out [*] .
and a weird dog .
and so the girl was trying to run to them to see who they were .
and the boy said stop stop .
something bad might happen to you .
the girl's name was Sara .
and the boy's name was Joseph .
and so when they saw the weird people coming they were a little scared .
the boy <> was a little scared except for the girl [*] .
that's my story .
their mom said where do you wanna go to eat .
they they all shouted Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa got a vanilla icecream cone and a happy meal .
her brother got a icecream .
and their mom got a salad .
and that would cost fifty cents .
and when her mom looked in her purse it wasn't there .
he woke up .
he poured his milk into the bowl .
and then when he went to tie his shoe his string broke .
and then he missed the bus .
and then his mom took him to school .
there was a boy and a girl that saw an alien ship landing on the ground .
and aliens came out of the ship .
the aliens are going to a picnic .
they got happy meals .
and they gotta go to Mcdonalds .
that's all I guess .
when a little boy woke up in the morning he saw his clock .
and rubbed his head .
and he looked up at the clock while he was pouring his milk .
and his milk spilled all over .
and when he was trying to tie his shoe his shoelace went through his pants and then out again .
and then he couldn't get to school +...
he hadta walk to school because the school bus went away without him .
and he was late .
and the teacher pointed to her watch .
there was this kids [*] .
they were looking behind a bush .
and they saw a family of aliens .
and they had a weird looking little girl dog mother and father .
and a plain person because they had lots of feet .
and when the little girl saw them she started to run and pulled her brother's hand .
and they didn't see them .
but her brother said stop .
I think .
and they flew on a little spacethip [: spaceship] .
but it didn't look much like one .
it was more of an alien spaceship .
mother said we're going out to dinner tonight .
where do yall wanna go .
they all shouted out Mcdonalds .
so when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to get .
[^ whispers to slef] Katherine Katherine said he wanted a Big_Mac and a vanilla milkshake .
is that all ?
and then his mom wanted a salad .
and then his sister finally made it up what she wanted [*] .
she wanted a happy meal and a vanilla ice cream cone and a coke .
he got up from school to go to school [*] .
he went to go pour his milk .
but he spilled it all .
then he went to go tie his shoes .
he tied his shoes .
the school buses always left him .
his mom would hafta take him to school .
she was late for work .
they got off a ship .
thirty brother and sister was walking to the forest to play .
but then they saw this big ship with octopuses getting off .
brother got scared .
sister laughed .
this big funny rolly thing poped out [*] .
and sister laughed [*] .
and brother got scared [*] .
how about we take this ship and fly to New_York .
I don't know the names .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and and they got out of the car .
and they went to the front desk .
and and she said I can't figure out which meal I want .
and the mother and and Jaime said they wanted a cheeseburger and <> chocolate icecream .
Lisa Lisa said that I want a kidsmeal and chocolate icecream .
he was scared .
he spilled the milk .
he broke his shoelaces .
he was late for the bus .
he he went to school .
the alien came to the park to take the dog for a walk .
humans came .
and the boy saw aliens .
he was scared .
and the girl was happy .
the dad from the aliens had bags .
and the girl hold hold the the string from the dog .
that's all .
they asked .
Lisa and the boy asked where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so Lisa and the boy asked +...
the mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
um I don't know xxx .
she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and the boy ordered a happy meal .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and the girl ordered a um I forgot what she ordered .
: I don't know .
one day a person got out of bed and was pouring milk .
and she was doing cereal pouring it [*] .
and she accidentally made a mistake .
and it ended up on the table .
and she was tying her shoe .
and it wouldn't go through .
then she missed the bus .
and the teacher says she was late .
there were some people that lived in outer space .
and they came down from outer space .
and they had a weird looking dog .
and they came down on a rocketship .
and they saw some strange people .
and there was this guy Paul and little Paul [*] .
they were xxx push you trying to have fun [*] .
and there was a mom dad a dog a weird looking dog [*] .
and there was a girl that drived a rocketship .
I can't say anymore .
they ended up not eating .
I don't think I can remember much .
I just don't know where to start from .
they were going to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal .
and I can't remember the other girl's name and the other boy's name .
and the little boy ordered a cheeseburger I think .
and she ordered a strawberry milkshake .
but it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but her mother forgot her purse .
one day the little boy woke up .
and he didn't feel well .
he tried to pour his breakfast .
but it made a mess .
then he went to get dressed .
but when he tried to tie his shoes the shoestrings broke .
when he tried to go to school on the school bus he missed the bus because he wasn't feeling well .
and then when he gotta school he was very late .
one day these two kids went out to play at the park .
but there was a big spaceship with aliens .
and they all walked out to move to where all the humans were .
but the kids were scared to go near them because they thought they were mean .
and they would hurt them .
but then they went back to tell their mother that they saw aliens moving into earth .
and then their parents got scared because they thought they would hurt all the children .
but when they moved in they were nice to everyone .
and they went to school with everyone .
there was two kids called Rachel and Leah .
their mom said we're going out to eat today .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and they both hop in the car .
their mom drove them to the meal at Mcdonalds [*] .
and then she ordered Rachel a <> cheeseburger <> a vanilla shake and french fries .
and their mom ordered a hamburger with coke .
and Leah wanted chicken nuggets with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
four that's it .
oh wow their mom forgot the purse .
and then then first she said for Leah twenty dollars and fifty cents .
and and their mom forgot the purse .
uhhuh .
one day there was boy called Rachel [*] .
and he woke up .
and he knew things wasn't going his way today because he spilled his milk at breakfast .
when he was tying his shoelace it broke .
and then the bus didn't wait for him .
and then he was late for school .
uhhuh .
one day there were kids name Rachel and Leah .
and there was a spaceship with aliens .
and Leah thought this was excited [*] .
but Rachel thought this was scary .
then they had a alien dog .
and then they went home to tell their parents .
and their parents didn't believe [*] .
and then they took them to see if they could .
they said ahh@c because they was afraid of it .
and then they took their children back home .
five <> because they didn't want them to see them anymore because they thought they was mean .
the end .
there was a boy and a girl .
and their names were I forgot their names +...
and and their mother said where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and then she drove them by the nearest by Mcdonalds [*] .
and she ordered a salad .
and the boy ordered a chocolate icecream cone a and I forgot +...
and then the girl ordered a happy meal with a coke .
and she ordered a vanilla icecream cone .
that's all I remember .
once upon a time there was a boy .
he woke up late .
he said oh_man I just set off my alarm clock when when I was sleeping .
and he hurried and got his breakfast .
but the bowl got so full milk splashed out .
and he went so fast his shoelace went off went one of them [*] .
and he ran to catch up to the school bus .
but it didn't stop .
he kept on waiting and waiting .
and then he went to school .
and the teacher said where have you been ?
you have been late .
and he said I been so so lazy [*] .
I woke up at the wrong time .
I put my cereal in .
and then I put my milk in .
and it splashed all over .
and my shoelace unsnapped .
and I was trying to catch up to the school bus .
but it was too fast .
and that's what happened to me .
once upon a time there was a husband and wife .
[*] she wanted to take a walk with her husband .
so she grabbed her husband and went off into the woods .
and when she reached the end of the woods she she was behind a bush .
when she looked over at at the bush she saw aliens .
she was so happy .
she grabbed her husband and went off with the aliens .
but her husband said no you shouldn't do that or else something will happen very bad .
but she went anyway and grabbed her husband .
her husband went out first and said greetings .
but all the aliens paid attention to him .
he was so scared .
he ran off into the woods to his house .
and then the lady went .
and then when they saw the lady everybody was so surprised because they have never seen a woman human before [*] .
and and then the alien puppy_dog was sniffing her .
and then he barked .
the weird bark noise scared her off .
so all the aliens had a peaceful day at the park .
on thursday their mother said where do you wanna go .
I forgotted [: forgot] [* m:+ed] that the other part .
<> they (5.) +...
I forgotted [: forgot] [* m:+ed] their names .
but I know where they went .
they said old Mcdonalds of course .
0 .
I forgotted [: forgot] [* m:+ed] the other parts .
I I remember some other things .
I forgot the boy's name .
but I know what he ordered .
a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm and chocolate milkshake [*] .
and Lisa ordered happy meal and a soda and a icecream cone [*] .
the order said I forgotted [: forgot] [* m:+ed] what it cost .
then the mother said where's my pocketbook .
and she said oh I left it at the counter at home [*] .
: : forgot the questions .
I just remember a couple .
Lisa ordered a happy meal and a soda and a a cone .
and the boy ordered a cheeseburger and a soda .
I think that's the only question I remember .
one day a boy woke up in his bed .
and he went downstairs and got some cereal and milk .
he spilled it .
then he was on his way to school .
he was just <> about to go when the bus just left .
and his lace come apart .
and he hadta tie it .
then he he got up and ran and said wait up bus .
when he gotta school the teacher said why do you look so sad .
because I woke up in the morning [*] .
I got breakfast [*] .
then the bus was about to leave .
and then my shoe came apart .
and I hadta fix it [*] .
and then the bus left .
and I said wait up [*] .
and then the teacher said oh .
and and she she welcomed him in .
one day a girl and a boy saw a spaceship .
they saw octopuses coming out of the spaceship a father a mother and a child .
it was weird they said .
the girl said let's go and talk to them .
the boy said I don't think that's a really good idea .
but she says come on .
and he put his hand up and said stop .
and she pulled his hand .
and he followed her to go to the place even though he didn't wanna .
I'm done .
<> when Lisa +/.
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them we're going to go out tonight [*] .
where do you wanna go ?
and they shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they rusheded [: rushed] [* m:+ed] to the car [*] .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to get .
but Raymond and her mom knew what to get [*] .
Raymond wanted &*INV:mhm the cheeseburger cheeseburger french fries [*] .
and he wanted a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom wanted a cheeseburger .
and finally Lisa made up her mind .
and she said that she wanted a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a soda .
I think a drink oh and a soda .
and the guy that worked there said it would be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and when their mom was going to get her purse and look it [*] .
it wasn't there .
and then she suddenly remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
uhhuh .
nine um do I needta pick a title ?
I don't wanna .
alright .
there was a boy named Alex .
and he had a bad day .
and the <> alarm clock woke him up in the middle of a dream .
<> [ to have breakfast .
he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled his milk .
and it splashed all over the bowl &*INV:mhm because he put too much .
and it went dripping on the floor and on the table .
and then he got dressed .
and then when he was tying his shoes the laces fell out .
and then the time when he was struggling on it [*] his bus came and left .
and then when he went to the bus stop he didn't see anyone there .
and then he looked .
and then he saw the bus .
and he ran after .
and and then when he gotta school his teacher said why are you so late ?
and she looked at her clock .
and she said well you came way too late .
mhm .
oh my god .
alright .
there were two kids named Matt and Katie .
and they were taking a walk in the park .
and then they suddenly saw something fall .
and it was a spaceship .
and then they saw aliens coming out of it .
and they had so many nets .
and then they looked at them .
and the aliens had spots on them .
and they were all purple .
and they had a strange looking dog .
and then Katie wanted to go say hi because it looked like they were spying .
and then Matt said no don't .
and then Katie points him [*] .
and he tried to stop her .
and then that's the end .
um no .
on thursday their mother said <> today we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds .
they got in (2.) the car .
they drove to Mcdonalds .
and they (3.0) the boy got a cheeseburger .
and the girl got a happy meal with a soda and chocolate icecream .
and then they forgot their money .
one morning a boy woke up .
and then he ate breakfast .
and he spilled the the milk .
and then he was trying to tie his shoes .
and he broke his lace .
then he had hurry up .
and then he was running to the bus .
and then he gotta his school .
one day there <> is <> a boy and a girl went to the park .
and they saw a spaceship .
and then aliens came out with a dog .
and the girl wanted to go and pet the dog .
and the girl wanted a boy to go with her .
and the boy said no .
she left her purse at home .
she couldn't get her food .
thirty that's all I remember .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
his clock woke him up .
and he hit the clock .
and he thought he was late for school .
so he went in the kitchen made some cereal [*] .
but he spilled the milk a little bit while he was looking at the clock .
then he went to tie his shoe .
but his shoelace broke .
then after that he went to the bus .
but he wasn't ready in time .
then he went to school and <> said if he was on time with his teacher [*] .
once upon a time there was a little boy and a little girl .
they went on a walk .
and suddenly a plane <> landed .
and there was octopuses coming out of there .
the boy was scared of it [*] .
he said let's go back home .
no I wanna watch .
then +...
so they kept on watching .
but the boy still was scared of the octopus [*] .
but she wasn't scared of the octopus .
so he pulled her hand to go home .
but she kept watching .
and then they went home .
and <> they said mom dad we saw a airplane land .
and there was octopuses coming .
they had lots of legs .
this is hard to believe .
let me see .
so they showed them where they found them .
and suddenly they were too late because they already left .
then this +...
there's nothing here .
we did see it dad !
but they didn't see it .
they were too late .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa came back home .
and their mother said we're gonna eat out for dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
and they said we wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and the children hoped in the car .
and the mother drove there .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and the brother knew what he wanted .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and then finally Lisa figured out what she wanted .
and she said that I want a coke a burger and a chocolate icecream .
and the person said it's gonna be twelve dollars and seventy five cents .
and the brother wanted a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and a icecream cone .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and when it was time to pay the mother forgot her purse .
and it was on the kitchen counter at home .
and that's what I can remember .
there's a girl .
and she (8.) liked to have fun and liked to go to school .
and she always woke up early in the morning .
and she put her breakfast together very good [*] .
and she knew how to tie her shoes .
and <> she was never late for the bus .
and she was never late for school .
there is a father and a girl .
and they like to go on adventures .
and one day they got lost .
and there were some people and pets and things that the girl liked .
but the father told her not to go .
and she kept on pulling the father .
and the girl picked out every little thing that she wanted to take home .
and they went home with all the things that they got .
and when they brought the things in the house .
the house was too full .
and they hadta take some back .
the end .
.
ten I forgot the first part .
they came home from school .
and then their mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and then they said Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped up and down .
and then they jumped into the car .
and then I forgot the next part .
and then hm:: I forgot some of it .
four [% sneezes] .
I forgot it .
two &=laughs .
I forget a lot of it .
.
four I don't remember .
she got out of bed .
she spilled the milk on the table .
and she got her shoes on .
and she <> ran to the bus .
and then she went in school [*] .
.
three looks like the plane .
and she wants to go on the near the alien [*] .
and then they're walking out to have a picnic it looks like .
mhm .
mhm .
tuesday morning Lisa and john and their mother went out .
they they were at school .
and when their mom picked them up they went home .
and so [*] their mom told them that tonight they were going to go out to eat at Mcdonalds .
and <> the little girl's name was Lisa .
and the boy's name was john .
[*] and john <> ordered a happy meal with a vanilla shake .
and Lisa ordered a a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and and the mom forgot her purse .
um that's all I remember .
one day a little boy woke up .
and he was late for school .
<> and he was very tired .
when he got up to his breakfast he accidentally spilled his milk [*] .
when he put on his shoes one of his <> shoelaces snapped .
and he was late for the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he got up to school his teacher was disappointed .
he he was not on time .
that's all .
one day a ship came down from outer space .
and some octopuses were on it .
and they <> came off board .
and they said what a lovely day .
I think we should run around and go to the play center .
when some kids saw them they cried eek@c .
the boy did eek@c [*] .
and the girl said yeah let's go see them !
and when they saw them the octopuses were scared .
so they went back on the <> ship and went back to outer space .
that's all .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them where they were gonna go out <> for dinner that night [*] .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
and then they got into the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got in there Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond and mother knew what to order .
and Raymond wanted a big vanilla milkshake a cheeseburger and a coke .
and mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a coke a chocolate icecream and a Happy_Meal .
when mother and Raymond ordered their food and then Lisa did [*] .
she told the clerk what she wanted to order .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
<> when mother reached into get her purse it wasn't there [*] .
once there was a <> little boy named Dan .
he was getting up from school one day [*] .
and then +...
and he was holding his alarm clock .
and then when he went to breakfast table [*] .
but when he tried to pour the milk it spilled .
and then he tried to clean it up .
and then after he had breakfast he tied his shoes .
and he went to the bus stop .
but when he gotta the bus stop the bus was already leaving .
and then Dan hadta walk all the way to school .
and it was two miles .
and then when he got there the teacher said that you're late .
and then he went into school and did his work .
once there was a little girl and a little boy .
the girl's name was Michael .
and the boy's name was Sam .
<> they went to the park on tuesday morning .
and then when they got there they saw an alien family coming out with a dog .
and Sam didn't wanna go near any closer [*] .
but Michael she wanted to go meet the alien family and pet their dog .
and then Sam <> tried to run home except <> Michael first grabbed his arm and ran to the alien family to meet them .
but then when they got there the aliens were gone .
they were going back inside their ship .
and then Michael decided to go inside the ship [*] and meet them except the problem was the the rooms and everything looked weird .
and they couldn't find the aliens .
but then they finally found them .
and then they met them .
and then they decided to go get their parents for them to meet them .
[*] and then when they went to get their parents they woke up because it was just a dream .
Raymond and Katie and her mom said we're going out to eat tonight [*] .
and she asked them a question .
then she said where do you like to eat tonight .
they said Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Katie ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a diet Pepsi .
and Raymond Raymond ordered a a cheeseburger and fries and a vanilla shake and and a a +...
and the mom ordered a diet Pepsi and a double cheeseburger and fries with pickles [*] .
and the problem was their mom left her purse behind <> at home on the kitchen counter .
and you ask and you asked me [*] what were the kids names .
and you asked me what was the problem ?
and what did their mom order ?
and what did they order ?
and okay hm: hm: hm: +...
I guess that's all I can remember .
the boy said that he was late .
and the clock was by his head .
he was looking at the clock by the kitchen .
and he made a mess with the milk .
he had trouble tying his shoes because one of the laces broke .
and then he missed the school bus .
and the teacher was pointing at her clock and saying that he was late .
and that's all .
the aliens when arrive on earth [*] .
and [*] a girl named Jessie thought that they were friendly .
but but her friend named David wasn't so sure .
so she grabbed [*] her wrist .
but Jessie went grabbed his wrist [*] .
and he accidently let go .
he said no .
but the aliens didn't hear him .
and he said come on David .
I think +...
and he said I don't think their so friendly .
Jessie said maybe they are .
we should try it out .
but he said no .
but Jessie went .
and he asked the aliens a question .
but they were a little friendly .
but they didn't like questions .
so they told him to go away because because they didn't like questions .
they didn't like questions at all .
so Jessie said that they're a little nice .
but she said I guess that they don't like questions .
so they told their mom and dad .
by the time their mom and dad got back the aliens weren't there anymore .
so the mom and dad said it's hard to believe you that you saw aliens .
and the mom and dad and then David and Jessie wondered if it was a dream or a daydream or just their imagination .
and that's all .
I think .
I don't know .
I forgot it .
they ordered food .
and then they went to sit down .
and then they went home .
he woke up .
then he spilled the milk .
and then he broke his shoelace .
then he missed the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
[^ (5.)] went back inside the house .
those aliens are going off the airplane .
[*] that one is happy because that boy doesn't like those .
no .
they they went to the burger [*] .
and they got food .
and the cooker said they need money to buy the food (6.) .
and they went back to their house (10.) .
Lisa buyed a chocolate cone .
and Norman buyed a big big shake .
nope .
he woke up .
and he looked at the clock .
he said I'll be late for school .
and he poured cereal .
and then he he poured milk .
and then he spilled some .
and he started to tie his shoes .
then his shoelace broke .
and then he xxx xxx xxx .
and the school bus was leaving .
and he ran to the school bus .
and the teacher xxx xxx xxx xxx .
and he he went in the school .
and xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx .
and the aliens went out .
and the girl was not afraid .
and the boy was afraid .
and xxx xxx it .
and the xxx were carrying stuff .
and the little girl was trying to xxx xxx xxx xxx .
and xxx xxx xxx .
and they moved to the table and sat down .
and the girl xxx xxx xxx .
and the boy went back home .
Raymond and I can't remember other that other name .
and they walked home from school .
their mother said that we are going out to eat .
where do you guys wanna go ?
they yelled out Mcdonalds !
and then they they jumped into the car .
then their mother drove them to the closest Mcdonalds [*] .
and their mother ordered I don't know .
the kids ordered a happy meal and chocolate vanilla icecream cone I can't remember the other one .
and Raymond wanted to have [*] a cheeseburger and a chocolate shake .
that was all .
he got up in the morning .
he looked at his clock and said oh no .
then he was trying to fix some cereal .
and he was trying to get his laces on .
and he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
the aliens are coming off the xxx end .
there is a mom alien .
there is a kid alien .
and there is a father alien .
and there's a boy .
and there's a girl .
and there's a alien right there [*] .
and that's it .
there's a plane that says something that I don't know what it says .
and it was a park .
and that's all .
Lisa told the burgler than she wanted a happy meal with a large coke and a vanilla icecream cone [*] .
[^ (6.)] but when she realized that they had left it on the counter at home +...
well that is all I remember .
and her mom ordered a salad .
that is all I can remember .
how can I even know realize the story ?
I don't know what the story is about or anything .
it is probably about this person .
[^ (11.)] he missed his school bus .
is it a boy or girl ?
I don't know if it is a boy or girl ?
it looks like a boy .
and he spilled the milk .
[^ (8.)] he got at school late [*] .
[^ (8.)] and he also made a big mess .
and he broke his shoelace when he was tying his shoes .
one day a little girl xxx go .
and red went out for a walk to the park .
but when they gotta the park the brother said slow down .
and red didn't slow down .
and then they peeked over the bush .
and they both saw chinese aliens .
and they just landed .
the two grownup aliens and the little alien and the little alien dog +...
[^ (7.)] they ran back home to tell what they have saw .
and they couldn't bring back any proof .
or they would hafta capture an alien .
and that is exactly what they did to bring back proof .
they couldn't decide what to do for the trap .
but then suddenly Michael had an idea .
he said let's build a cage in secret .
so the parents said sure .
what do you need ?
they built it right out of wood .
but if the the aliens had power that is the real bad thing [*] because they could probably just go right out of the wood .
that's the one problem if they do have power if they do [*] .
they were walking their dog .
they led their dog to that park when they were just getting off .
what funny legs they have .
but there is no such thing as aliens .
so they were at the park .
and then they set up their trap right in +...
and they put it +...
and they colored a picture exactly like what was behind it and what was exactly on the sides so they wouldn't know .
but as soon as they got in there was a trap door that looked exactly like the sky .
as soon as two of the aliens and the alien dog got in they climbed up on top .
and they they got behind the picture .
and as soon as those two aliens got in they shut the door down so fast that they couldn't get out .
then they brought home the proof .
they took the picture off .
and they showed really what they had [*] .
so +...
they go out to eat on tuesday .
and there wasn't no happy meal .
and mommy just go back home .
and it was there .
he get out of bed .
and he eat breakfast .
and he get ready for school .
and then he missed the bus .
then he go back home to his grandmommy .
there's an alien right over there .
and the kids looked .
and there were aliens .
because she wants to touch them how they feel [*] .
on tuesday morning +...
I forget [% whispers] .
Raymond and Lisa said to their mom that their were hungry I think .
and their mom said let's go out to eat .
and they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and they jumped into their car and drove to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and and <> their mother ordered a salad .
and it was <> fifty cents .
and they left their money at home .
one day a boy waked up .
in the morning he ate his cereal .
he tied his shoes .
the bus drove away .
so he hadta walk to school .
and he finally got in school .
he gotta school late .
one day a spaceship came down to earth .
and there was alien alien mom and a alien dad and a alien kid and a alien dog [*] .
they +...
their spaceship had right in the park [*] .
and one girl and one boy looked at +...
they were going to the park .
and they saw the aliens all in polka dot .
and his sister wanted to go and see what was in the park .
and she saw aliens .
and her brother was scared [*] .
the end .
on a tuesday night Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mother said we're going to go out to xxx eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
they both shout out Mcdonalds .
then they hoped in the car .
their mom drived them .
um (5.) Lisa said she couldn't decide what to get .
and Raymond and his mom knew what to order .
and then once they gotta order Lisa really found out what she wanted .
the mom said I want a salad .
then Raymond said I want a <> Big_Mac and some fries and a drink and a chocolate shake .
then her xxx the car xxx .
once she reached over to get her purse it was gone .
and they forgot it at home .
a kid woke up from +...
and it was late .
then he went to eat some cereal .
and he accidently spilled .
and then he started to tie his shoes .
and then he broke his lace .
and he got mad .
and then he started to get ready for school .
and then he missed the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
then he found somebody .
that's all .
(4.) there were two kids .
they found aliens .
and then the boy started to get really scared .
but the girl didn't .
and then the boy started to yell .
and then the aliens got off board .
and then they were ready to get off .
and then they left .
and they wouldn't pull them up inside .
and they didn't leave them .
then they went to see .
and they weren't there anymore .
<> and they didn't leave them .
and they thought they were alive .
they went to Mcdonalds .
their mom forgot their purse .
their mom ordered a salad .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the man asking for twelve fifteen .
Carl asking the man for a burger and coke and french fries .
the girl asking for the happy meal coke and icecream .
when their mom asked where are we going out to dinner .
[>] .
I remember when they jumped into the car .
and their mom drove them .
when the girl didn't know what to order .
that's about it .
the boy woke up .
it was late .
then he went out of bed [*] .
and then he went downstairs to get breakfast .
but breakfast was not ready .
mom was gone .
then he tried putting his shoes on .
but his shoes did not fit .
he just ran to school .
the school bus wasn't there .
so he just ran to <> school .
his teacher is so so impressed .
but he was late .
so he hadta go home .
once Wendy and mike went to the park .
and and they heard this strange sound .
mike was scared .
mike ran into the bushes .
but Wendy was not .
she knew it was just a plane .
but then it was not .
so mike just pulled her back .
but then crowd of of people came out of the plane [*] .
that plane was different [*] .
there was a child and a mom and dad .
there was a dog .
there was lots of trees .
and the plane did not stop staying because there was lots of people .
Wendy and mike just hide behind the bushes until until the people went away .
on tuesday &*INV:mhm [*] the mom said where do you wanna eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
four then they got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they ordered .
two &=uh (6.) (12.) (5.) (5.) +...
nine one of them ordered a um (7.) +...
can't remember the first one .
but I know the last xxx .
whoever ordered a meal +...
but I just can't remember .
and then the other one said she wanted a chocolate cone .
and the other one said she wanted chocolate milkshake [*] .
then they ordered what they wanted .
and and then when when they ordered .
and then the mom forgot the wallet .
and she reached in her purse .
and she suddenly <> she forgot her wallet .
and then uh (7.) +...
that's the end .
on wednesday boy woke up [*] .
and his name was Josh .
and then he went downstairs to get his cereal .
then he poured the cereal .
then he poured the milk .
then when the milk poured the milk spilled .
and then after that he was getting ready for school .
and he broke his shoestring .
three after that he got his backpack on .
and he went outside to get the school bus .
but the school bus was already leaving .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and when he got in the teacher said why are you late ?
then he he said because I missed the school bus .
and then he went in to class .
then everybody was looking on something [*] .
the end .
one day a girl and her mom and dad were walking .
and they were walking with their dog .
and then there were two other boy and girl .
and then the girl saw the octopuses xxx .
and they were just getting off of the trip .
and and then the girl had an idea what to do .
and the girl's idea was that greet the aliens she said to her brother [*] .
and [*] then they both stayed .
and they met the octopuses .
and then then they met the dog too .
and (2.) and they suddenly find out they wanted to have a picnic because their dad had something to eat and his bag .
and then they saw a bench .
and they suddenly went over to sit down with the octopuses .
and then they had a great lunch .
the end .
I can't remember it .
I don't know .
I forgot .
uhuh .
they gotta pick where they wanted to go eat .
hm: I don't know anything else .
uhuh .
I don't know how to .
uhuh .
Tim woke up .
Tim woke up and <> went to the kitchen to get some milk in his bowl .
and he spilled it all over the kitchen table [% giggles] .
twelve he decided it was a big mess .
so he went to tie his shoes .
then his shoelace snapped off .
and then when he decided to wear a another pair the school bus left without him .
and he hadta walk to school .
so his teacher said why are you late ?
that's the end .
Daniel and Stephanie went to the circus .
Stephanie saw some aliens .
but Daniel said let's go home .
and Stephanie said look at the dog .
it's hard to believe he even has bones .
no let's go home .
and so they went home and told their mom and dad about it .
they went back .
and they were gone .
that's the end .
uhuh .
I forget it .
they were going to Mcdonalds .
and it cost twelve cents .
the girl ordered a large icecream cone and a happy meal .
and the boy ordered a vanilla shake and a fries and cheeseburger [*] .
and the mom forgot her wallet at home .
once upon a time the boy got out of the bed .
and <> he poured the cereal .
and he made a big mess .
he broke his shoelace .
and he got late for the bus .
and he was late for school .
once upon a time a alien ship came down [*] .
and the girl and boy ran away .
and the boy said no .
and all the aliens walked out .
and they're gonna have a picnic .
nope .
they were gonna sleep overnight .
mhm .
uh I forgot the whole thing .
well what happened to the boy and the girl in the story ?
I think they got happy when they were going and then sad when the mom said she left her purse .
uh but I don't know what his name should be .
I don't know the name .
no no no no no no no .
one day I_don't_know came out of bed .
I don't know what his name's gonna be .
one day Alex &*INV:okay Alex came out of bed .
and he was late .
he poured his milk and spilled it on the table .
and he got it on his arms .
then he went to put on his clothes .
and he put on his shoes .
and then when he went to the busstop the bus left without him .
and he gotta school late .
he gotta school late .
one day two kids lived in Japan .
and they went to the park .
and they saw a ship in the sky .
and the girl's name was Mary .
and the boy's name was Eric .
and Eric was her older brother .
and then they saw aliens coming out of the ship .
and they were saying hi park hi .
and one of them aliens was carrying a lot of bags .
so the boy thought that they were gonna live in the park .
and Mary grabbed his hand and wanted to go to the park .
and she went to the park .
and the aliens had laser beams .
so they almost shoot her [*] .
and they ran back home .
and their parents thought it was a dream .
but when they went to the park they saw the aliens .
and the girl said they almost shoot me [*] .
and then the boy said I told you we shouldn't of <> gone there .
there was a young girl and boy that went to um let's see +...
and and one of them was named Henry .
and one of them was named Lisa .
and the mother said do you wanna go out for dinner .
and where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she she <> wanna eat [*] .
Henry got cheeseburger and a vanilla milkshake [*] .
and their mother got salad .
and now Lisa knowed what she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and she said to the man at the counter .
and the man at the counter said that will be fifteen cents .
and the problem was that the mother left her purse at home on the counter .
so I think they should go back and get it .
because you hafta think before you do it .
once upon time there was a boy .
he went to sleep .
and when he waked up it was time for school .
and he spilled his milk .
and his shoelace came off .
and he missed his bus .
his teacher said you're really late for school now .
Daniel and Shirley were were walking to the park .
and then he saw a big ship .
and aliens came out ahh@c .
and so Shirley wanted to go say hi .
but but Daniel didn't let her .
he said no I say that aliens are are not nice .
they'll cook you up and eat you ahh@c .
the end .
they went to to go +...
the mother says tonight we're going to go out to eat .
and she asks her her kids where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
the little girl +...
I don't remember what she had .
sometimes I forget .
the little girl .
did the little girl have a shake a coke with chocolate icecream ?
and the mother forgot to to bring her purse .
to to bring it for at Mcdonalds [*] .
and the money costed twelve bucks [*] .
and the mother forgot to bring her purse .
so they hurried up and go there in their car .
and they quick go home [*] .
come right back .
and they hurry up to come for Mcdonalds to have their icecream [*] .
one day a little boy woke up .
and he was getting up for breakfast .
and he accidentally put too much milk .
he was putting his clothes on .
and he put his socks and shoes on and had a accident snapped his shoelace off to his pants [*] .
he got his backpack ready with his lunch .
and he was running after the school bus .
he gotta school .
one afternoon there was a girl and a boy .
they were best friends .
[*] the girl and the boy saw some <> new people .
but they were different .
and they they were going to live here .
and they came here for the rest of the day at the world [*] .
and the girl and the boy told their mom and dad all about who came .
and they become to friends [*] .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered a happy meal [*] .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
one day the little boy woke up .
[*] and he found out he was <> going to miss the bus if he didn't hurry .
and he tried to make his own breakfast but the milk spilled .
and then he got dressed .
but [*] the shoelace came untied .
and it got broken .
but he tied it .
and he he tried to run to the bus .
but he missed the bus .
so he just walked to school .
one day the two kids were playinginging [: playing] [* m:+ing] at a park [*] .
they saw saw something strange that was coming from the sky .
they wondered what it was .
and strange looking things came out of the thing that came out of the sky .
the the boy tried to run but but <> the girl grabbed his hand .
the boy was scared .
but the girl was wondering what it was .
she wasn't scared .
the strange things had a dog that was strange too .
they were purple .
and and they had blue spots .
they had clothes just like them .
and one of them stayed inside and didn't have spots .
and they waved goodbye to the ones that came on .
one of the boys had had spots that were green .
but all of the girls had spots that were blue .
one of the kids had had spots that were blue and green .
green on on his head and blue on his legs .
they went to +...
and the boy carried a bunch of supplies .
the kid walked the dog .
and the grownup girl held the little girl's hand [*] .
it seemed like they didn't know where they they were either .
and they didn't know who the people were .
they only knew who who they were .
and the kids just knew who they were .
mom and her kids were going out to eat .
and she said to her kids where do you wanna go ?
and they all said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the mom said what do you want ?
and Joseph said fries a vanilla shake a cheeseburger .
and and Lucy she finally made up her mind .
she wanted a chocolate icecream cone fries a coke and a cheeseburger .
they all cost twelve I xxx +...
her mom got a salad .
it cost twelve dollars .
but they they left their <> purse on the kitchen counter .
his alarm alarm went off off .
and he woke up .
and he spilled milk .
and he <> looked at the clock .
then his shoe lace broke .
then he was late for the bus .
then he went to his <> grandma's and asked her something .
they went on a walk .
and there was this spaceship that came down .
and three octopuses came down with a dog that had yellow hair and a red collar that was the little girl's dog .
then the girl hide behind the bushes .
the girl wanted to go see them .
but the boy didn't .
[^ (8.)] then they went home .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond <> got home .
their mom said they were going out to dinner .
and then she asked where do you wanna go ?
and then the <> children said Mcdonalds !
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
<> Raymond ordered a a cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla <> milkshake .
their their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream .
it cost twelve dollars and fifty two cents .
their their mom look in the purse .
and then she forgot the money at the kitchen counter at home .
one day this young boy woke up .
and and he went downstairs .
and and he ate breakfast .
and he spilled the milk .
and it took him a long time to clean up the mess .
next he put on his shoes .
one of his shoelaces broke .
he says grrrrr@c !
and how can I tie my shoe with a broken shoelace lace ?
and after when he tied tied his shoes he went to the bus .
and he was late for school .
and when he went to school his teacher said to the boy you are late late .
and he sat at his desk .
one day Annie and Ron were walking in the forest .
when they were walking they saw a space shuttle .
Ron said hide behind the bushes !
when when Annie was watching she saw some eight legged aliens .
she said oh my gosh !
and and she said I wanna meet them .
and then Ron said no no !
if you get near them I think they'll take you away .
and then when the aliens saw Annie's head they said what is that ?
they went over and looked at it .
and the alien said looks like it's someone's hair .
it was really Annie's hair .
and then Ron said duck !
and the aliens couldn't see anything .
then they said whoever that head belongs it looks like girl hair .
and then Ron whispered , come on , !
let's get home !
when they got home they told their mom and dad .
when they gotta the woods they didn't saw the aliens aliens .
but he saw a the spaceship .
so so the aliens went went back all the way to space space .
and then they were never seen or heard again .
they were going to Mcdonald .
and &*INV:okay Raymond wanted a hamburger &*INV:okay and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal .
and she wanted a chocolate milkshake .
and and she wanted a hamburger with a soda .
and then the the man said thirty dollars .
and the mom forgot the money in the kitchen .
no .
he woke up .
and he got late for school .
and then he throwed the milk .
and then he broke his tie shoe .
and he was stopping the bus school .
and he couldn't go .
and then he got on time .
but it was too late .
yeah .
there were octopus .
and they were walking .
and she saw it .
and then she wanted to get one so she could tell the others .
and he said wait .
we can't .
and she tries .
and he says that no way .
I don't wanna get one .
and then she hold his hand and tries to go .
and then he said wait .
okay .
and that's all .
no .
one day on tuesday Lisa and Raymond were at home .
their mother came home .
and their mother said they're gonna go eat out .
their mother asked Lisa and Raymond where do you wanna go eat ?
they both yelled at the same time Mcdonalds .
their mom drove them to Mcdonalds and went to the clerk .
Lisa's asked ohhh@c +...
[>] +/.
Lisa said she doesn't know what to buy a Big_Mac &*INV:mhm or a kidsmeal .
Raymond bought a vanilla milkshake &*INV:okay a cheeseburger &*INV:okay and french fries .
their mom bought salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
[<] told the clerk that she was gonna buy a chocolate icecream cone .
she said she xxx a coke &*INV:okay and a happy meal &*INV:okay like a kidsmeal .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and five cents .
Raymond and Lisa's mom said that she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
and I think that their mom said what should we do .
I'm done right ?
I think so .
one morning Eric woke up and found out that he was late .
he went in the kitchen to make his breakfast .
and he made an accident .
he looked at the clock and saw he was late for school .
he changed his clothes had trouble tying his shoelaces .
and when he went outside he missed the bus to school .
so he walked to school .
his teacher said he was just in time .
and &*INV:okay that's all .
the end .
one day Michael and Jessica were walking through the park .
they saw a u_f_o .
they saw some aliens walking out .
they look like octopus .
Jessica told Michael that she sees human beings with six legs .
and their skin was purple and polka dot .
they had a weird looking dog .
Jessica said that the girl looks so weird .
she looks just like her mother .
and there was another alien octopus walking out .
it was the dad .
Jessica told Michael that the girl's mom is taller than her dad .
Michael got scared of seeing those alien octopus and those freaky looking dog .
so they left the park .
and the u_f_o was still there .
when they went home they told their parents .
their parents didn't believe them .
[>] .
<> Raymond and (8.) Lisa got home from school .
and their mom says we are going to eat out tonight .
so where would you two like to eat ?
and they jumped up .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they ran .
and they jumped into the car .
and they drove there .
and Lisa she couldn't decide which one she wanted between the happy meal and a Big_Mac .
so Raymond went up to the counter .
and he says I want a Big_Mac with a coke and a strawberry milkshake .
then his mom said I want a salad .
and then Lisa then she said oh I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then he says it going to be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then they noticed what her mom forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
and the problem was what mom forgot her purse .
and (7.) I forgot .
he woke up .
and it looks like his alarm clock didn't go off .
and he went downstairs .
he was looking at the clock and the milk went all over the place .
then he he was tying his shoe .
and one of his shoelaces broke .
then he got shoes on .
then he went to catch the bus .
and the bus already left .
and he was trying to catch it .
so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said you are late .
and then the boy hadta stay after school because that's what miss brown makes us do .
well this space station landed .
and they were going to +...
then people got off what were aliens .
and they were waving and everything .
and this girl over here she wanted to go pet the dog <> which is over there .
and they have a dad mom .
and they have a little kid .
they have a dog on a leash .
and then her friend grabbed the the girl .
and the girl she wanted to go .
but she couldn't because they might of had some sort of stuff on them like +...
she would of did something like got sick and something .
so that's the end .
it was only the spaceship and the picnic table and the trees and the boy and the girl and the mom and dad and little brother or sister and the dog .
end of story .
there was once a boy and girl named and Raymond .
their mom asked +...
they were going out to eat .
and their mom asked where should we go ?
both of the children yelled Mcdonalds .
(5.) so they went to Mcdonalds .
the girl couldn't decide whether to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
um (4.) I can't remember much of this part because they ordered so much I don't know .
what did they +...
the girl's mom and brother already knew what they were gonna order .
so they ordered lots of things .
the girl wanted a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said it would all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she remembered that she had left it in the kitchen on the counter .
what should they do ?
there was a boy named frank .
he woke up one morning .
and his alarm clock didn't go off .
he rushed down to the kitchen .
and he he wasn't dressed yet .
he rushed down to the kitchen made cereal but made a mess too .
and then he got dressed .
and his shoelace broke .
he was late for +...
he missed the school bus .
and he was late for school .
his teacher seemed kind of angry when he gotta school .
so I'm not sure xxx I can't think that fast .
there was a girl and a boy .
the girl is named Kathy and the boy was named Jeffrey .
they went walking out in the woods .
and they saw something flying in the air .
first Jeffrey said that it was a airplane .
but then it landed .
it +...
they saw that it was a spaceship .
the door opened and aliens walked out .
there was a child a mother a father and another alien inside .
the child was holding onto a leash .
and the leash was hooked on a little alien thing that was probably a dog to their kind .
Kathy went to walk over there and say hi to them and pet the alien dog .
and she pulled her brother's hand .
and Jeffrey yelled stop .
what should they really do ?
one day Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mother said we're gonna go out to eat tonight .
and then she said where do you want us to go .
<> they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they ran into the car .
Lisa was trying to figure out what she wanted to get either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
when they gotta the counter Raymond told the clerk a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mother wanted a salad .
then Lisa made up her mind and wanted a happy meal with a vanilla cone .
and the total was twelve fifty .
then their mother tried to reach for her purse and realized it wasn't there .
and then what should they do ?
one morning this boy Tom woke up .
and he was late for school .
<> so he went down and went to fix him a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled the milk all over the table .
then when he tried to tie his shoe his string came out of his shoe .
so he put on another pair .
then he went outside to catch the school bus .
but he was too late .
when he gotta school his teacher was very mad at him because he was very late .
one day there was this family at the park .
and they heard this big noise .
they looked up in the air .
and it was just the wind .
they heard it again .
and they looked up in the sky .
and it was a spaceship coming down .
the spaceship opened up .
and four octopuses or aliens came out of the spaceship .
the littlest one had a little spaceship monster .
the parents that were already there they screamed and ran home .
when they got home they realized that they forgot their child .
then they went back to the park and looked for their child .
but their child was gone .
the father said what should we do ?
the mother said I'm not sure .
they both shouted out I want go buy Mcdonalds .
the mother forgot her money .
and +...
the boy wanted a cheeseburger .
the girl wanted a happy meal .
the mother wanted a salad .
and that's all I can remember .
the boy woke up .
and his alarm clock already went off .
then he spilled his milk .
and he was late for the bus .
and the bus ran without him .
and he hadta walk to school .
well it looks like a school .
mhm .
the dad is holding the child from going somewhere .
then these aliens are coming off a ship .
and then they have a funny looking dog .
and that's it .
there's trees around the ship .
and the aliens aren't real .
and they're probably going to see some visitors .
and then this guy over here is waving bye to these guys that are getting off the ship .
no .
I don't remember .
I don't remember .
mhm .
Mcdonalds .
when the mom asked where they wanna go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car and the mom drove them .
then when they gotta Mcdonalds Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted .
and and the sister didn't .
<> so Raymond said I want a happy meal a cheeseburger .
and the mom said salad .
then Raymond yelled a chocolate milkshake .
then the sister said a vanilla icecream cone .
that's all I remember .
when the boy woke up he he put his hand on his head .
then he went in the kitchen .
he he was pouring milk .
and he spilled it .
then when he was tying his shoe his shoestring broke .
he walked to school .
he he was walking to school .
he was waving .
he was trying to get on the school bus .
then the school bus kept on going .
and the teacher said you walked to school .
the kids got out the rocketship .
then then the brother pulled the sister back .
the sister smiled .
the brother put his hand out and opened his mouth .
then one octopus came out with two things a suitcases and some clothes on and a purse and some clothes and some shoes .
then then the other one was holding her child's hand .
then the child was holding a donkey .
then the donkey was looking at the table .
yes .
then the mom put her hand out .
then the dog was right by them .
then the dog kept on looking and didn't stop .
Lisa and oh I forgot the boy's name .
they asked their mom if they can eat out .
and their mom said yeah .
and the mom said where do you wanna eat out ?
they said Mcdonalds .
and they rode in the car .
and then they went to <> the closest Mcdonalds that was close to them .
and then they ordered their food .
and the manager said please could I get twelve dollars .
and then she realized she forgot her purse at home .
and then um ah I forgot .
the title is gonna be bad day .
I know this is gonna be a bad day .
one day Tyler woke up .
and he went into the kitchen .
and he had breakfast .
and he poured <> himself some cereal .
and when he poured the milk in it spilled all over the place .
and when he was getting dressed and was tying his shoes his strap broke .
and he hadta get another strap .
he hadta look for them .
and then he missed the school bus .
and he felt really bad about it .
and then he showed up at school .
they got angry .
the title's gonna be the alien ship .
one day Brittany and Aaron went walking together .
and they were brother and sister .
and they were gonna have lunch together .
but then when they went in the forest they they saw this big huge spaceship coming down .
and they got scared .
so they ran behind the trees .
and these alien people came out .
a mom a a sister a dog and a a dad .
and when they saw the +...
Aaron got scared but Brittany didn't get scared .
she wanted to go say hi to them .
then she felt a little nervous .
then then they went back home and told their mom and dad .
but their mom and dad didn't believe them .
so they tried to take them back to the spot that they were at .
but they couldn't find it .
and the spaceship wasn't there .
so they thought that they left .
but they wondered where it went .
and they thought it went back up to space .
they came home .
and their mother said we're going out to eat .
what do you want ?
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they leaped in the car .
and the mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to have .
but her mother and brother knew what they want .
when they gotta the clerk the brother said that he wanted a Big_Kids_Meal with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother said that she wanted a soda and a salad .
and Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
she said that she want a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
then her mother reached out to get her pocketbook .
the clerk said that it was twelve dollars fifty cents .
the mother reached out to get her pocketbook .
and then it was gone .
it wasn't there .
her her mother realized that she left it at home on the counter .
a boy got up one day .
and his alarm clock gave him a headache .
he got out of bed and went to eat his cereal .
he was pouring the milk into the bowl .
and all the milk spilled over the table .
he went and got dressed .
and when he was tying his one shoe his shoelace broke .
and then when he got it done he <> ran outside and tried catching the school bus .
but it went away .
and he was late for school .
one day there was a girl and a boy .
and they were going to the park .
and they saw aliens come off the ship .
and the girl was pulling the boy over to see the aliens .
the end .
Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mom said we're eating out .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds !
and so when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a burger and a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and I don't remember what his mom ordered .
but Raymond ordered a <> cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind and ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then when it was time to pay for for it their mom went down to get her purse .
and she realized it wasn't there .
she she had accidentally left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy .
and he +...
it was a school day .
and he woke up .
but he woke up late because his alarm clock didn't go off .
and so he tried to +...
so he went downstairs and got his food .
and he poured his milk all over the place .
and he looked at the clock .
and he didn't have very much time .
but he still thought he could do it .
so then he went up to his room .
<> and he put on his shoes .
but while he was tying his shoes one of the shoelaces broke off .
and so he hadta get a new pair of shoelaces and put them all in and then tie his shoes .
and then he went outside to catch the school bus .
but it had already gone .
and so he ran to catch it .
he gotta school really late .
and the principal was waiting outside .
and she was pointing to her watch .
and it looks like he felt really bad that he had been late .
once there was a brother and a sister .
their names were Catherine and Michael .
and one day they were walking to the park .
and they saw another trail .
and they saw a different trail .
and they walked to see what was at the other end .
when they got there they saw another another little picnic place .
but then they saw an alien ship come .
and they saw <> aliens getting out .
and Michael was scared .
and he didn't wanna go meet them because he thought they might hurt them or take them back to their home planet .
but Catherine wanted to go .
and so she went .
and so they peeked behind it .
and they saw the aliens .
and the aliens had this weird pet that was really furry .
and they looked at the spaceship .
and it had weird letters and stuff like that that they couldn't understand .
and then the aliens saw them .
and they chased them home .
and then they chased them until they gotta the end of the trail .
and so then they went home .
but they couldn't +...
they went to go to their home .
but they couldn't find their home .
and the aliens had chased them somewhere that was really strange .
and then when they got +...
then they saw a house .
but when they went to the house there was another alien there .
and he chased them to their original home .
and they told their parents .
but the parents didn't believe them .
and they were too tired .
and they didn't wanna go show them where they were .
one day Lisa and Raymond were at home .
and <> their mother came and told them we're going out to eat .
where where should we go ?
Mcdonalds they both shouted .
Lisa and Raymond jumped in the car .
and they were on their way to Mcdonalds .
then when they got there Raymond and his mother knew what they wanted .
but Lisa couldn't make up her mind rather she have a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then her brother said I would like a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake and coke .
then Lisa finally made up her mind and said I will have a happy meal with a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
the person that sells the Mcdonalds said altogether that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when Raymond's and Lisa's mother reached into the purse it wasn't there .
she had realized that they left it at home on the kitchen counter .
one morning this boy named Dan got up .
he went to go pour his cereal .
but he looked at the clock and realized it was time for him to catch his bus .
but then he was so busy looking at the clock he accidentally spilled his milk all over the kitchen counter .
then when he went in there after he ate his breakfast he went to his room and got ready for school .
then all of a sudden when he was trying to tie his shoe he broke the shoelace .
then he just <> left it alone and then went outside to catch his bus .
but he felt very sad when he saw his bus leave without him .
then he went to the Ms Ms Darkside .
and Ms_darkside was looking at her watch .
and then she looked at Dan <> said Dan you are a quarter past seven late .
once upon a time there was a family of aliens .
they had a little alien dog and a little alien daughter .
one day when they were getting off the plane they were walking past a woods .
the mother said oh goodness would you look how good this place looks .
then they went home and sat down to the table .
but once when the mother looked into the cabinets there was nothing there .
then the dad said oh come on I'm ready to eat .
the mother said well I'm sorry .
<> but there's nothing to eat .
what I find this hard to believe .
then then the sister said oh gracious there is nothing to eat .
the father went and looked and said somebody's been in this house stealing our food .
then the two <> stealers went by the window and peeked in .
the girl said look look .
they now have realized that we stole their stuff .
we have their alien cookies and their butter .
but everything else was thrown away .
after they had left from the window the mama had tried to order some pizza .
but the pizza wouldn't come because when she looked on there the cord was cut and the phone was off .
then she looked terrified .
now we can't even order some pizza .
then the daughter said I know what .
I know who came and took all our food .
then the dog barked woof@c roof@c .
then the dad said do you see something ?
then the dog said wroof@c .
then he say yes .
then they looked over at the window and saw two prisoners .
they were thiefs .
they stole everything .
they cut the telephone wire .
then all of the sudden the the prisoners went into their house .
and they started a great big fight .
then the sister ran and ran .
but then the littlest girl that stole and cut all those things that had went to the alien project and went away with the aliens .
but then she couldn't because the aliens were about to take off .
then they walked on there .
and and then the five armed alien said see you .
then she opened the door and threw her out .
<> but she wasn't hurt .
she said I'm not .
I'm just fine .
that little ugly alien woman must have think she hurt me .
then that's how everything got calm .
and they were able to eat again .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother said tonight we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
[^ (3.)] Mcdonalds they said at the same time .
and they got in the car .
and (6.) they went to Mcdonalds .
(5.) when they got there Lisa did not know what to get .
she could not decide between the Big_Mac and the happy meal .
their mother and Raymond knew what to get .
Raymond got a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
his mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa decided what to get .
she got a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and (3.) (6.) I can't remember .
and the clerk behind the counter said that'll be twelve fifty .
then (3.) okay said Lisa .
but their mother didn't have their purse .
it was still on the kitchen counter at home .
on Tuesday morning Alex just woke up at <> seven thirty .
he was already late to go to school .
and he was sposta get up thirty minutes ago .
he ran into the kitchen poured himself some cereal .
but he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled milk all over the table in the kitchen .
so he didn't eat cereal .
then he got dressed and put his pants and his shirt on .
he put his shoes on .
he tied one of them .
but he couldn't tie the other .
and one of the shoelaces broke .
so he was disappointed .
but he managed to get them back together .
he grabbed his backpack and ran outside .
he tried to catch the school bus .
but it went too fast .
and when he gotta school his teacher was waiting out at the door in the front of the school .
and she looked very disappointed at Alex .
one day while Sarah and mike were having a picnic with their mother and father they decided to play hide-and-seek .
just when Sarah was looking for mike Sarah saw another family .
she was about to ask their younger girl if they could play with her .
mike grabbed Sarah's hand and said no <> stop stop no .
why shouldn't I said Sarah .
mike replied they look like dangerous aliens .
Sarah replied oh come on there's no such thing as aliens .
so when she was about to go mike grabbed her again .
no no don't go .
but I wanna play with them said Sarah .
I'm not going to let you said mike .
but I really wanna said Sarah .
it was about to let them go .
and mike didn't have a <> good grip anymore .
and Sarah went .
she talked to the younger girl .
she couldn't understand with them because it was in a different language .
but the little girl <> came and played anyway .
when it was Sarah's turn to hide it was mike's turn to count .
mike didn't count anymore because he didn't like the younger girl .
he didn't play anymore .
<> then Sarah came out because it was thirty minutes .
and the little girl still didn't find Sarah .
Sarah went to look for the little girl .
but she was already leaving in her ship .
so Sarah and mike went back to their picnic table with their family .
one day Lisa and her brother decided they were gonna eat out .
and the kids +...
she said where do you wanna go .
and the kids yelled Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in their car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a hamburger fries and a vanilla shake .
Lisa +...
their mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa decided what she wanted .
she chose a <> happy meal with a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
when the cash register guy said it was twelve fifty their mother reached down to her purse .
it wasn't there .
she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
one day Mac woke up when his alarm went off .
he went downstairs to eat breakfast .
but the milk was too heavy .
and he poured it all over the counter .
he was having a really bad day because his shoelace broke .
and the bus was going away .
when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he wasn't on time .
and he felt it .
one day Daniel and Danielle woke up and went to the park .
they saw a flying saucer thing .
when they got there they saw a family coming out .
they looked like a bunch of octopuses .
they had a weird dog and the same clothing as that .
Daniel got scared .
he tried to run away .
but Danielle held his hand .
Danielle said let's go greet them .
and Daniel was older .
and he said no .
Danielle said come on .
so they went to greet them .
and the octopuses talked a different language .
and so did the dog .
it didn't go woof woof .
then why did they have those suitcaseses [: suitcases] [* m:+s] in the same xxx .
maybe they were the same xxx .
maybe they would think xxx xxx .
when they left they left their dog .
and then they came back down .
and and the dog was still there .
they took the dog and suddenly went away .
Daniel and Danielle were <> having a good time at the park .
yeah .
their mom said where you wanna eat out .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and when they ordered their food their mom left her money at home .
his mom told him it's time to get up and brush your teeth and go to school .
and he brushed his teeth and put on his shoes and went to school .
then after the bus picked him up he said to his teacher is school ready .
this girl and boy was gonna go somewhere .
and these three were xxx where are they going ?
but these two didn't know them actually .
but little bit .
and these two wanted to go check it out .
but they think they might get away .
aliens .
a alien ship .
yeah .
they probably might go up the trees .
probably him or her .
or go over here to sit down .
um when when .
is it Randy ?
is the boy named Randy ?
when Randy and Lisa came home their mother said today we're going out to eat .
and where do you wanna go to eat out ?
Mcdonalds they all shouted .
and they jumped into the car and rode to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Ryan he ordered a vanilla milkshake with a cheeseburger and fries and a coke .
and Lisa finally made up her mind by getting a happy meal and a chocolate ice cream cone with a coke .
<> when she told the clerk that he said it was twelve dollars .
except for one problem .
mother reached into her purse and found that it wasn't there .
that she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
once upon a time there was a boy named +...
this goes with this picture .
there was a boy named Allen .
he was sleeping so long that he was late for school .
this is not the picture yet .
he got quickly dressed .
but he missed the bus because he was so slow .
he gotta school very late .
and his teacher told him next time to catch the bus .
in gym he he sat down to tie his shoe .
but one of his shoelaces ripped off .
and he was really having a bad day .
when he came home he decided to put on his pajamas and decided to have a snack like cereal since there was nothing else to eat in the house .
and he worried about the clock about when mom was going to get home .
what would he tell her ?
once upon a time a little girl and a little boy went to the park .
the little girl Sumie saw some purple blue spotted people .
she thought they were might fun to play with .
look at that one holding the dog she said .
that one it looks like maybe I can play with it she said .
but the boy grabbed her .
or the girl grabbed his hand .
and she said come on .
let's go play with the doggy and the little person .
but the boy said I don't know .
they could be from somewhere we don't know .
and quite now the boy was right .
it was a space alien ship that landed down .
it looked like some aliens were moving to this park .
one was a father alien coming out holding stuff .
looks like they were going to move here .
and another was a mother alien who came down with a child .
the child had had a little alien pet dog .
it seemed like that the boy was right .
come on sis he said .
let's get out of here .
I think we might be imagining this .
but I wanna play with the doggy said the little girl .
but it was too late .
the boy had already grabbed her hand and took her <> all the way home .
since the alien people did not spot them the mother alien said this looks like a good spot to get animals .
so this park is also great for my little child to play with her dog .
and and the boy and the girl ran home .
the girl shouted with relief and said mommy daddy there is new people moving into the park .
they are really cool .
and they have a pet dog and a child almost like my age .
but the boy interrupted the girl's sentence and said she's lying father and mother .
she's lying .
it's at least I saw the whole thing .
the spaceship that they came down from and the father alien and the mother alien and the girl alien and a dog alien .
you better come and see it he said .
but the mother and father did not believe the boy's sentence .
they only believed the girl's sentence .
and they went down to the park .
but the alien <> people they were not there .
the boy looked around .
their ship had gone up .
it seemed like they had moved back to space since this park didn't look that great at all .
so the mother and father did not even know what the little girl and the little boy were talking about .
the end .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both said we wanna go to Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds her brother Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
finally Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream .
the clerk said it would twelve ninety five .
when Lisa and Raymond's mother looked for her purse it wasn't there .
do I ask you the questions ?
um what was the boy and girl's name ?
um what did Lisa order ?
what did Raymond order ?
what did their mother order ?
what was the problem in the story ?
um where were they when their mother said we're going to eat out ?
one day a boy a named Sam woke up .
his alarm clock was already ringing .
it said nine thirty .
school started in two minutes .
he rushed downstairs .
he poured his cereal .
he was so nervous he poured his milk .
but it spilled all over .
Sam just said oh it's okay .
it's okay I'll just go quickly so mom won't see it .
then when Sam went to put his shoes on he found out that his shoes were all muddy .
and they stuck to his clothes .
he said oh well I'll fix it at school .
Sam ran .
the bus had just gone .
so Sam hadta walk fifteen blocks to school .
when he got there his teacher was waiting outside for him .
she said Sam why did you take a long time ?
school started thirty minutes ago .
Sam said it's a long story .
one day a girl named Susana and a boy named Jed went to a carousel .
they went on the merry-go-round .
but just then the merry-go-round turned into a space shuttle .
and a mom alien a dad alien and a baby alien came out with a mini giraffe as their pet .
Jed said let's go Emma .
run run run .
they're about to eat us .
but Emma said no their dog's cute .
I wanna pet it .
and I wanna see if I can babysit for the child .
and she pulled Jed to the dog .
the dog snatched it's big long beak at Emma's finger .
as soon as Emma saw the dog about to bite her finger she and Jed ran as fast as they can all the way home .
one day a mother asked their daughter where they wanted to go out to eat .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
and their mother took them to the closest Mcdonalds .
and they went up to the counter and ordered .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french fries and coke and a vanilla milkshake .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone with a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then she went to get the money but she had noticed that she left the wallet at home purse .
there .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and one morning he woke up late because his alarm clock broke .
and he accidentally spilled the milk when he went to eat his cereal .
and he broke his shoelace when he went to tie his shoes after he got dressed for school .
and on his way to school he missed the bus .
then he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he gotta school his teacher yelled at him because he was <> late .
and he hadta sit in timeout during recess .
and his teacher made him do work .
his teacher said don't be late again .
and the next day was better .
and I can't think of anything else .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
they were walking through the woods .
they were gonna go on a picnic .
when they gotta the spot they were about to sit down at the table when a alien space shuttle landed .
and a bunch of aliens got off .
they had a weird dog .
and it looked like a poodle xxx xxx xxx .
and the mother had bunch of purple spots on her head .
and when they went home to tell their parents they said you come .
we saw a bunch of aliens .
and they had a weird dog .
and their parents didn't believe them .
so they took the parents back to their spot .
and there were aliens and a alien dog .
and then they said those aren't aliens .
those are just actors doing a movie .
and then they they said oh .
but the boy was still scared to go over and see them .
but the girl wasn't .
and she dragged the boy over there to the picnic table while they were still doing the movie .
and then the aliens came over and said hi .
and the dog barked at them .
and when they all went back home to get ready for dinner never go back there because they're doing a movie .
and you shouldn't be over there anytime when they're shooting a movie because they hafta shoot it all over again .
the end .
the children walked in .
and Lisa didn't know what to order .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her brother wanted a cheeseburger and large shake vanilla .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she told the clerk that she wanted a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone .
and coke .
the the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom went to get the money out of her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she must have left it on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
this story will be called the very bad day .
one day Shawn woke up and noticed that he was late .
and he started to scream .
and when he made himself breakfast he spilled his milk because he was looking at what time it was .
and he ate his breakfast .
and he hadta tie his shoes .
so he tied it but the lace broke .
so he hadta put on different shoe .
and he came outside .
and the bus left him .
so he hadta walk to school .
and by the time he got there the teacher said that he was late for class .
the end .
this story will be called the unusual thing .
one day Marissa and Troy were walking in the woods and telling jokes to each other and playing .
all of a sudden they saw something strange .
and Marissa wanted to go check .
so she ran over there .
but Troy stopped her and screamed stop .
she stopped and turned around and told him why shouldn't we go check it .
Troy said it was not safe .
then the strange thing opened .
Marissa found out it was a u_f_o .
and Troy started to run .
this time Marissa grabbed Troy .
and something weird started to come out .
Troy was very frightened and he wanted to go home .
but he knew that if he left Marissa that would be the wrong thing to do because leaving somebody was not right .
so he stayed .
the aliens started coming out .
and Marissa wanted to go talk to the aliens and have fun with them just like when she was saying jokes with Troy .
all of a sudden the dog started barking at Marissa and Troy .
and the aliens looked .
Marissa and Troy hid in the bushes as fast as they can .
the aliens started running at them .
but then all of a sudden they didn't know where they were .
so they went back into their u_f_o and took off to another place .
whew said Troy because he did not wanna meet those aliens at all .
Marissa went back home sobbing because she wanted to meet an alien .
the end .
one day <> two kids mother came home and told them I'm going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and they both hoped into the car .
and they went .
and then they told the people what they were gonna eat .
and then the mom didn't have the money .
six the end .
and then you asked me some questions .
one morning a little boy woke up .
and he slept late .
and then he went to the breakfast table .
and he kept staring at the clock .
and he spilled the milk .
and then when he went to go put his shoes on the rope snapped .
and he had a hard time tying it .
and then he ran out .
and he missed the bus .
and he went to school .
and the teacher was outside .
and she said you're late .
and he said I had a hard time this morning .
the end .
one day a boy and a girl were in the park looking for something to do .
and this big spaceship came down .
and these aliens walked out of it .
and the little girl said come on let's go meet them .
and the boy said no we shouldn't .
they could kill us .
and then the aliens saw them .
and then they said hi .
and then they went in and played .
two that's it .
okay .
when Lisa and roman got home from school their mom told them they were going out for dinner .
the mother asked where they wanna go .
they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
roman and their mom knew what they wanted .
roman got a a cheeseburger a vanilla milkshake and french fries .
their mom ordered a salad .
finally Lisa figured out what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a soda and a chocolate ice cream .
&*INV:that's_okay the person at the counter [% giggles] said that will twelve dollars and twenty five cents .
and when their mom went to reach for the money they noticed that they left the wallet in the kitchen at home on the table .
okay .
when a boy woke up one day for school his clock was wrong .
and he was late for school .
so he went downstairs to pour his breakfast .
and there was a leak in the milk .
and it spilled .
then when he went to put on his shoes his shoelace broke .
so he said I'll put on different shoes .
and then when he went out to catch the bus he missed the bus .
and it went without him .
and when he gotta +...
and he hadta walk to school .
when he got there his teacher told him he was late .
and he got in trouble .
um I don't know for this one .
they um I can't think of anything for this one .
[% loud sound in background] +/.
um hm: I don't know .
I can't think of anything .
a boy and a girl hear something outside .
so they go out .
and they look outside .
and there's nothing there .
then they go back in .
and they hear the sound again .
and then they come back out .
and there's a ship landing .
and aliens came out .
and the girl wanted to see .
but the boy didn't .
but the aliens saw them .
so they went under a bush .
and then the aliens got back in their ship and went away or I don't know .
they go home .
and they tell their parents .
and they don't believe them .
the mom said to Lisa and Raymond that they were gonna go out to eat last night .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind of ordering a Big_Mac or a a happy meal .
and Raymond and her mom knew what they wanted .
and they wanted a salad and a cheeseburger .
and Lisa finally made up her mind of ordering a happy meal .
and her mom noticed that she didn't have her purse .
and (30.) xxx .
yeah .
there was a boy who who was having a bad day .
first he got late for school .
then he poured too much milk in .
then his shoelace broke .
and he was late for the school bus .
and his teacher got mad at him for being late .
and (4.) [>] it .
mhm .
once there was Jane and Michael walking through the woods .
and they saw something land on the ground .
when they saw the door open they saw aliens .
they saw an alien dog .
they saw an alien girl .
they saw an alien mother .
and they saw an alien dad carrying <> luggage .
and then they saw another alien saying bye .
Michael was scared .
but Jane thought it was cool .
so Michael ran away .
and Jane stayed .
but then Jane ran too .
mhm .
Lisa and Raymond went home .
when their mother asked them where they wanted to go for dinner they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hopped into the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
at first Lisa couldn't decide between a <> Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and his mom both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a hamburger and a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind to get a Big_Mac .
she told the clerk I want a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate icecream cone cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached for her purse she didn't see it .
she realized that she had left it at home .
what should they do ?
Fred got out of bed .
he wasn't feeling that great .
he got out of bed late .
Fred went into the kitchen poured his milk and spilled it .
when Fred got dressed he tied his shoe .
and his lace ripped in half .
Fred Fred ran outside .
but he had already missed the school bus .
when he came to school his teacher had said that he was late for school .
he didn't have a very good day .
George and Sally decided to go to the usual picnic <> bench that they did to do their homework .
it was wednesday .
but when they got close to the bench they saw a flying saucer .
it landed .
out came <> three aliens and one alien dog .
cool said Sally .
no don't do that said George .
look what a nice place this is to live said the aliens in their alien language .
I think we'll live here .
Sally ran .
but George caught her just in time .
he pulled her all the way home .
they told their parents about this .
but their parents didn't believe them .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home their mother asked them where they wanted to <> go out to eat .
the kids screamed Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
their mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mother asked what they wanted to order .
Raymond and their mother already knew what to order .
and as soon as they gotta the counter Lisa remembered to order .
her mother ordered a salad .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger .
and Lisa ordered a Mcdonalds's happy meal with a soda and a vanilla icecream cone .
and he said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and her mother forgot her purse .
and that's all I can remember .
and her mother forgot her purse .
I I forgot what .
one morning a boy woke up .
he went into the kitchen to get some cereal .
he spilled the milk .
when he was done he went and got dressed .
when he was tying his shoes a lace snapped in half .
after that he went outside .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
when he got into school his teacher said you're late for school .
I'm gonna hafta give you a tardy slip .
okay .
one morning a boy and a girl were playing outside .
a few minutes later a spaceship came full of aliens .
the aliens came outside and and played for a while .
they ran as fast as they could to see the aliens .
and the boy didn't wanna .
but the girl just dragged him there .
and then an hour later the aliens went .
when Lisa and Raymond just got home from school their mother said we're going out to eat today .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mom drove over to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't think whether to order a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
and (2.) Raymond and their mom knew what to order .
three <> so when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa finally made up her mind and said I want a happy meal with coke and (3.) a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother just noticed that she left her purse on the kitchen table .
one time a boy named bill got up in the morning .
and he was hungry .
so he went to get breakfast .
two but he was so clumsy that he spilled milk all over his bowl of cereal .
and he had a lot of trouble tying his shoe because he broke the lace .
and then <> when he was waiting at the bus stop the school bus had had already gone .
and there was the principal was waiting by the door .
and when she noticed that he came in so late she's like you're late for school .
three so he hadta go up into the classroom and tell his teacher why he was so late and hadta get a late slip or whatever they call them .
once there were two kids named bob and uh (4.) Katie .
and they were going out for a picnic when they saw a giant u_f_o fly by .
and there were a bunch of aliens with twenty nine legs walking out .
and their dog that looked like he was an old geezer because he had a big mustache .
three and they were gonna go sit at a picnic table except they were gonna move into the park .
and Katie wanted to go over there with them .
but then bob was like no don't go over there .
it's dangerous .
they might have laser guns and go [% shooting noises] .
but Katie still wanted to go .
so bob kept on pulling her back so they could hide in the bushes .
and then the family of aliens were going like oh what a beautiful day for a life .
the end .
that there was crazy japanese writing on the u_f_o .
one day when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother said that they were going out to eat dinner .
their mother asked where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
they got in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she was going to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother knew what they were going to order .
Raymond ordered a +...
when the clerk was ready Raymond said that he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
when Lisa finally made her decision she said I want a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
when their mother reached down to get her purse she realized it wasn't there .
she <> realized that she left it on the kitchen counter .
one morning Jim woke up and looked at his clock and said I'm late .
he <> went downstairs to pour himself a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled it all over .
so he looked at the clock again .
and he knew that he was pretty late for school .
so when he tried to get ready his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] broke broke .
so he got really really angry .
when Jim went outside to go catch the bus the <> bus had already left .
so Jim hadta walk ten miles and ten blocks to get to school .
when he gotta school he was exhausted .
when he went in his teacher said Jim you're late .
you are late by two hours .
what happened ?
well this morning I woke up .
and I was late .
my alarm clock didn't go off .
I poured my cereal .
and I missed .
so I made a big mess .
my shoelace snapped .
I missed the bus .
so I hadta walk ten miles and ten blocks .
well then you needta fix that alarm clock .
now hurry up .
you are late for school .
I call this story the alien invasion .
one day in summer a boy named Christopher and a girl named <> Megan went to to the woods to have a picnic .
when they got there Megan got out the picnic basket and said we have bologna and tuna sandwiches with mustard apples oranges some grape juice crackers a mini twinkie and some chips .
when they got done eating they were full .
they couldn't eat another bite .
so Megan and Christopher packed up the things .
when they were ready to leave they heard a loud vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c .
and they tried to go hide behind the bushes as fast as they could .
but Christopher dropped the picnic basket .
when they hide behind the bushes they couldn't believe their eyes .
they saw an alien family .
a little girl a mom a brother an alien dog and a friend named Maria .
when Megan saw this she was in love because she loved aliens .
she said come on Christopher don't be afraid .
we needta go back .
we needta go see these people .
what if they can speak to us .
I don't think they can speak to us .
do you see the alien writing on the ship .
yeah but I can read alien writing .
no you can't .
those were just magazine clippings of what they think is alien writing .
but it really was wrong .
the scientific way of saying we saw these lizards that look like aliens .
so +...
but Christopher and Megan went home .
but the next day Megan tried to go see the aliens .
and they weren't there .
but then when she went out at noon the same thing happened .
a loud vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c came .
and Megan hide behind the bushes .
and Christopher saw her .
so she caught up to him and said no Meagan .
they might hurt us .
no they won't .
and Megan went barging out to the alien family .
and she said hello .
we will not hurt you .
oh but we will [% character voice] .
so Megan tried to go as fast as she can running .
but Christopher wasn't there anymore .
so Megan tried to go home .
but then the next day when she came back Christopher wasn't at home .
he wasn't anywhere .
she called every place .
his parents said he didn't come home .
we thought he stayed with you .
no he didn't .
so Megan went back where she saw the spaceship at first .
and then she saw it .
it was open .
but she couldn't see the alien family .
but then when she went inside she saw Christopher tied up .
he couldn't breath .
so he took the tape off his mouth and the rope .
and he said what happened ?
the aliens <> captured me after you ran .
well we gotta get out of here .
suddenly when they saw the aliens they said we are going to suck your brains out .
and the little one ran as fast as she could and tried to catch them .
she caught Megan .
Megan squealed and kicked the alien in the head .
she finally ran out in <> the woods and got home .
when she got home she said mom dad come here quick quick quick .
and then that is what the same thing Christopher did .
when they went back to the aliens they couldn't find the aliens .
so they went home again .
the next day Megan and Christopher and their parents were going to have a picnic .
but suddenly they heard the vroom@c vroom@c roor@c roor@c sound again .
and that's when they saw the aliens .
and they ran for their lives .
but they didn't make it .
they got hit by the spaceship .
and they went up to mars .
and no one has ever seen them again .
there were two children that came home from school and asked their mother .
and her mother said we're going out to Mcdonalds .
and she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
they made it to Mcdonalds .
when it was their turn at Mcdonalds the little boy knew what he was going to order .
it was a cheeseburger fries a large vanilla shake .
and mommy got a salad .
Lisa got a Big_Mac with a vanilla icecream cone .
and then when he said it would be twelve fifty she realized she forgot her purse at the house at the kitchen table .
David Ann_Thrailkill woke up one morning .
and he realized he was almost late for school .
he he looked at his alarm clock and screamed I'm late for school almost !
anyway .
he shot out of bed and went downstairs to get his breakfast ready .
he had a terrible time .
he made a mess with the milk .
and then when he was all dressed and ready to go to school a problem happened just like when he got his breakfast .
his shoelace snapped .
so he just tied it anyway .
and he was going after the school bus .
but the school bus has already left .
so he hadta walk or run to school .
the principal was waiting outside .
she had a mad face on .
boy was she mad .
and David Ann_Thrailkill learned a lesson that day .
don't sleep in .
you'll be late for school .
once upon a time there were two kids David Ann_Thrailkill and Mallory Elizabeth_Thrailkill .
and so they were racing to the park until they saw something that looked like an alien .
they stopped outrageously and looked .
they were aliens .
they were leaving a ship .
they stopped !
they were frightened !
David Ann_Thrailkill said wait Mallory no !
there were aliens out there .
and the aliens' names were Dalien Kalien and Malien .
and the dog alien's name were Palien .
and in fact they went home .
they went racing outrageously to their house and told their mother and father what had happened at the park .
and the mom said at least did you get to play on the equipment ?
and they said no .
well they said that if they could prove it they would not go to bed without supper .
and so they tried to prove it .
but they couldn't find the aliens .
so they hadta go to bed without supper .
but in the morning they saw the same thing again .
they weren't sure if it was a dream or not .
but this time they proved it .
the end .
one day when Raymond and Lisa were walking home from school they told their mother they were going out to eat .
and when their mother asked them where they wanted to go Raymond and Lisa shouted Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to <> to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there their mother ordered a chocolate shake and a Big_Mac .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla shake and a cheeseburger .
and when Lisa finally made up her mind +...
oh I forgot a part .
before they got there she couldn't decide which she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
she decided to get a happy meal and a large coke .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when her mother reached for her purse it was gone .
what should they do ?
at seven o'clock a_m a boy got woken up by his alarm clock .
he knew it was seven a_m .
he went downstairs .
and poured himself a bowl of cereal .
he was so tired that the bowl splashed all over the place .
when it was time to go he +...
then he went upstairs .
and got dressed .
and came down .
when it was time to go he put his shoes on .
and one of the shoelace came untied .
and then when he reached outside and he was walking all a sudden here comes a spickled@n schoolbus running past him .
he starts to run to catch up .
and then when he finally gets to school the teacher said you are just about a half hour late young man !
where have you been ?
then he tells her the story .
the end .
once upon a time there was this girl named Annie and a boy named Andrew .
they were twins .
and one day they were walking in the woods when they came to something very funny they had never seen before .
and when they got there they saw aliens .
they didn't believe their eyes .
but then they looked closer .
and they saw them again .
they were still there .
they weren't just a vision .
when Annie went out to touch them Andrew grabbed her .
and said no wait stop .
you don't know what they are .
they might be planing a a trip to kill us .
and then she said yeah right get real Andrew .
they're probably just a vision .
but Andrew wouldn't let her go .
and then all the sudden Annie got loose .
and grabbed Andrew's hand .
and ran to the aliens and talked to them .
they couldn't believe that they had just had a conversation with an alien .
they were quite nice people .
and they ran home to get their parents .
and said come on come on .
I can prove that our story is real .
please come on .
so they went all the way back to the house .
<> they went all the way back to where they had gone .
the ship had left .
the ship was still there .
they were still unloading their stuff .
and they had another conversation .
and all the sudden one of the boy's suitcases opened up .
and trapped them all .
and took them into their spaceship .
and from that day on they left any aliens alone they saw because they didn't see any others in outer space .
Lisa and Raymond had got home from school .
and when they gotta the house she told them that they were eating out tonight .
and she asked them where would you like to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they <> got into the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and her mother knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
her mom ordered salad .
Lisa finally decided and told the clerk that she wanted a happy meal .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when Lisa's mother reached for her wallet it wasn't there .
she realized it was on the counter in the kitchen .
Max got up late on monday morning .
and when he went to breakfast he spilled the milk all over the place .
and then he hadta wipe it up .
and he hadta hurry up and get dressed .
and when he was <> tying one of his shoes the string broke .
and so he hadta find another pair of shoes and tie them properly .
and then he hadta put on his backpack .
and he hadta take the school bus because he had missed it .
and when he gotta school he was fifteen minutes late .
one saturday morning when Tom and April woke up they decided to go to the park together .
and when they were at the park they were going to have a picnic at the park .
and when they got there they set down the stuff .
and then they walked around for a little bit .
and then out of the sky they saw this spaceship thing land .
and they saw a man alien a woman alien and a little baby alien with an alien dog .
April wanted to go meet them .
and Tom tried to hold her back because he didn't want her to get in trouble with the aliens .
and then they went back home .
and they told the mom and dad .
and then when they brought them back there the aliens were nowhere to be seen .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond +...
I like forgot the whole story .
.
on tuesday tuesday night Lisa and <> Raymond's mother asked them where do you wanna go out .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and <> drove on it .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted happy meal or Big_Mac .
Raymond and his mother knew exactly what they wanted .
: &=sigh I like forget the rest .
mhm .
and then they were done .
is that right ?
I don't I forget it .
and I can't think it up .
mhm .
and I also remembered the ending part .
<> Lisa got a chocolate icecream cone .
and when they were all done their mother forgot the money at home .
and it was twelve fifty .
and that's all I could remember .
I call it Late_At_School .
once upon a time a kid john woke up very late in the morning .
he went to get some cereal .
and and the milk spilled everywhere on the floor the table and and then the cereal box was well .
then when he was getting on his shoes to go to school the shoelace snapped .
and then he missed the bus for school .
when he gotta school her teacher wondered why he was so late .
then he told her the story .
the end .
one day Daniel and his sister were walking to the park .
and they saw something very strange .
it was a big ship .
the door opened .
and these weird creatures came out .
one was a little kid a mom a dad and a friend and their pet dog .
so Daniel's sister <> ran over <> to look at them .
but but when they got there the creatures have disappeared .
where did they go Daniel's sister asked .
well Daniel thought that they were Martians .
and his sister <> thought that they were just little creatures walking around .
so then <> they were walking away .
then they saw them again .
how how did they do that Daniel's sister asked .
Daniel said I don't know .
so they went home to tell the story <> to their mom and dad .
the end .
(10.) Lisa and Raymond's mom said we're going out for dinner tonight .
she said where do you wanna go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
<> so they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind on what to buy a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but her mom and Raymond already decided .
when they gotta the counter the clerk asked them what they wanted .
the mom said she wanted (15.) uh um +/.
mom said she wanted a hamburger .
and then Raymond went .
he told the clerk that he wanted a large hamburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa went .
she had decided .
she said she wanted a Big_Mac and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fourteen cents .
the mom looked in her purse .
but it wasn't there .
let's see [% said in a barely audible whisper] .
mom looked in her purse and said it wasn't there .
the title of my story is Billy .
one day Billy's alarm clock didn't ring .
and he forgot to wake up .
but when he woke up it was very late .
so he dashed in to get breakfast .
but he spilled all the contents that he was putting in his bowl .
so he hadta clean it up .
but he forgot that he was undressed .
so he went back to his room and started to put on his clothes .
as he put on his shoes one of the laces broke .
and he hadta find another one .
after he found a new one he tied his laces and looked at the clock .
it was almost time for <> his bus to leave .
so he got all his books together and put on his backpack .
he ran all the way to his bus stop .
but as he got there the bus was just leaving .
he tried to run after it .
but it had left .
and he would surely be late for school .
he ran all the way to school .
and when he got the steps the principal was very ashamed .
he said to look at your watch .
and he was <> late .
oh no he thought .
I'll never be late again .
so he went in school .
and he he was never late again .
at least for some time .
aliens .
one day Lilly and Max were playing tag in the forest .
Lilly Lilly went to hide in a bush .
but but then she saw something yellow .
something that had words she could not describe .
they were red and had had dots on them .
when Max came to find her Lilly Lilly jumped with fright .
then Max saw what Lilly was looking at .
they both thought that it was really weird for something so yellow and something just like like a spaceship maybe to land right in the middle of the forest .
Lilly thought it was cool .
so she she almost fell into the grass from the bush .
but Max stopped her .
he said no .
do you know what those are ?
yeah aliens .
then why are you going out there he said .
I wanna meet them .
the aliens seemed friendly .
but when they saw Lilly and Max they turned red and very mad .
Lilly and Max ran all the way home .
when they got there they said to their parents aliens are invading the planet .
their parents didn't believe them .
they just thought it was Pishposh .
so when Lilly and Max went back to the spot they were playing the aliens and the spaceship were gone .
they wondered if it was a dream or if they had just been seeing things .
they they went the next day .
and they played there again .
but they didn't see the aliens or the alien spaceship .
they went out to eat .
and the mother took them to Mcdonalds .
they ordered all their meals which were a salad a Big_Mac with a chocolate milkshake a kidsmeal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk asked for the money .
and the mother reached in her purse .
but she didn't have the money .
she left it on the kitchen counter .
Jake woke up in the morning one day too late .
he he looked at the clock at at breakfast time .
and the milk started <> to spill all over .
and his mom came in and told him to clean it up .
then <> it was time to get dressed .
he <> was tying his shoe .
and the shoelace broke .
and he got really mad .
<> his mothers told him it was time to go to school .
he went out .
and the bus was leaving .
he hadta walk to school .
his feet hurt .
<> and once he gotta school his teachers told him that he was late .
and he would have detention after school .
Jennie and Jeff were walking to to the playground .
they heard some strange language that they had never heard before .
they creeped over to the the bush and looked .
there was a spaceship with with a family of aliens .
Jenn thought that they should find a piece of <> luggage or a piece of spaceship to show as proof .
but Jeffery stopped her and thought that it was a very bad idea .
but but Jenn went on anyways .
she tried to get a piece of spaceship at first .
but somebody almost caught her .
so she went back to the bush .
she tried again at the luggage .
but they hadn't set it down .
so she ran right into the open .
and they saw .
they started chasing after her because she had the proof .
but she dropped it .
and they ran home .
when Raymond and +...
the girl got back from school their mom asked them we're going out to eat tonight .
she said where would you like to eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
I don't know .
they got into the car .
and they +...
.
I remember when they got there but +/.
when they got there the girl didn't know what to eat .
she she couldn't decide a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mother already knew what they were getting .
<> and then finally the girl knew what she was getting a happy meal and a coke and a chocolate cone .
and Raymond was getting a happy meal a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom was getting a salad .
when they got up to the counter their <> mom remembered that she left her purse on the counter at the house .
and +...
a little boy got up from his bed because his alarm came off .
you sposta tell this picture ?
[<] .
he was getting his milk out for his cereal .
but it spilled all over the table .
and he looked surprised .
he tried to tie his shoe .
but his string unsnapped .
he was too late for the bus because it went past him .
and he wasn't ready .
his teacher said you're late for school .
[>] .
a little girl and a little boy went to go out to play .
and they saw the spaceship and weird kind of people .
the little girl went +...
she was gonna go over there and see the the strange looking animals .
and the boy said wait stop .
I don't wanna go over there .
and she said I I wanna go see what they look like and what they are .
she ran over there .
and she says hello .
and they say hello back .
and boy said I'm not going near there .
those people are strangers .
and she said they kind of look like aliens .
but they look happy .
so they ran back home .
and they told their mom and dad .
but they didn't believe them .
they saw something out the window .
and they came to see .
and their father walked over there and and shook one of their hands .
and and they started to be friends .
the end .
on tuesday night xxx xxx we're going out to eat .
she said where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond (3.) both said Mcdonalds .
on the way there Lisa couldn't decide what <> she wanted to eat .
their mom and Raymond both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa decided what she wanted to order .
she said (4.) a happy meal and coke and vanilla icecream .
Raymond ordered cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla shake .
and I forgot what the mom ordered .
when he added it all up he had twelve dollars and I forgot how much cents .
and when their mom checked it wasn't there .
<> she had realized that she forgot it at home .
fifteen once upon a time there was a boy .
and he woke up .
and his alarm clock rang rang really really loud .
and he got a headache .
and then it was time for breakfast .
he spilled milk and made a big mess everywhere .
when he tied his shoes he pulled too hard .
and the lace broke .
and when he got outside the bus already left .
and when he gotta school he was really late .
and he got a late slip .
nine once was two kids .
and they were playing in their backyard .
and they saw in the neighbor's yard that aliens were coming out of a spaceship .
two and went into the person's house .
and so they went to the next door neighbor's backyard to see what was going on .
and as soon as they got there they found out that the next door neighbors were aliens .
five and they ran all the way back home .
two children Lisa and Raymond wanted their <> +...
it was tuesday &*INV:mhm and the mom told them that they're going out to dinner .
and they asked them where would they like to go .
and Lisa and Raymond told them Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she would like a happy meal or a hamburger .
and then her mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
and Lisa ordered +...
and then the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and then when the mom went to go pay for the +...
the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom went to go pay for the food .
she couldn't find her purse .
and she realized that she had left it home .
so then you asked me what should I what would what would be the right answer for the problem .
and I told you that they should go home and get the purse .
and then you asked me questions .
it's about a boy named Jake .
[<] he woke up from school .
and he realized that he slept in too long .
so he hurried up and ran to the breakfast table .
and had fruit_loops and milk .
and then he ran and got dressed .
and put on his shoes .
but his shoelace snapped .
and then when he finally got outside he realized that the school bus had already left .
so he hadta miss the school bus .
and then he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he got there he was late .
and he was disappointed .
and <> but the next day the day went okay .
the story's about a girl named Samantha and a boy named Jared .
and they went hiking .
and they brought lunches with them .
and they found a nice bench just to sit at .
so they went over to the bench .
and they started eating lunch .
but they saw something in the sky .
and it came down by where they were eating .
and aliens that looked like octopuses came out of it .
four aliens came out and an alien looking dog .
and it came down the spaceship .
and they're carrying luggages and smiling .
and Samantha wanted to go see the aliens and touch them .
but Jarrod said no .
and he tried pulling her back .
but Samantha ran over to the aliens .
and she talked to the aliens .
and they became friends .
when Lisa and Raymond got back from school their mom asked them we're going out to dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
and both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a hamburger happy meal .
and Raymond and their mom <> knew what they wanted .
their mom wanted a salad .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a chocolate shake .
and finally when Lisa made up her mind she said she wanted a chocolate icecream cone and a chocolate shake .
and when her mom +...
and the man said all of this would be twelve fifty .
and when their mom reached for her purse she couldn't find it .
it wasn't there .
she forgot it on the kitchen table at their house .
well I think it looks like it's about a boy who is having a bad day .
uh what should I call him ?
I'll call him Joe .
when Joe woke up the alarm didn't go off .
the alarm didn't go off .
and it was eight .
and you hafta get to school at eight twenty .
Joe spilled his milk when he was pouring it .
his shoelace broke when he was tying his shoe .
he missed the bus .
when he gotta the bus stop he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late .
okay one day mike and Samantha were in the park .
and they saw something coming down .
they went behind a bush .
and when it landed it looked like a u_f_o .
and strange things came out .
aliens came out of the ship .
and they had a really funny looking dog .
and they kind of looked like octopuses .
and they looked at them .
and they they came over .
well Joe was scared that Samantha wanted to <> go over .
when they went over the aliens got scared and went back in their spaceship .
then they went back .
and they came out again .
and then they went home and told their parents that there were aliens here .
and they said this is pretty hard to believe .
and they went over and again there .
and they couldn't find them .
they didn't find any proof .
and they weren't sure if their experience was real or just a dream .
xxx xxx .
one day when Raymond and Lisa came home from school their mom said that they're going out for dinner that night .
<> she asked them where they wanted to go .
<> Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
when they got into the restaurant Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to get .
Raymond and and their mother already knew what they wanted to get .
[^ unintelligible whispering] I don't remember .
I forgot .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
his mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then she told the clerk what she wanted .
he said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then their mother looked for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she had left it at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Michael .
when his alarm clock went off it wouldn't stop ringing .
so when he got out of bed he finally got his alarm clock off .
then he went down to breakfast .
and he was a little late for breakfast .
when he poured his cereal his milk spilled all over the place .
and when he got dressed when he was tying his shoes one of the shoelaces broke off .
when he finally got ready and he got ready to go to school he went outside .
but he had missed the bus .
when he gotta school he was late .
once two children named ally and jack went to the park .
when they got there a strange automobile came up to the park .
a family of weird looking creatures came out .
there was a dog two two kids a mother and a father .
they looked pretty weird .
ally went to check it out except Jack pulled her and said don't go .
they could be aliens .
they could shoot you with laser guns .
ally said but I wanna go meet them .
maybe they're not aliens .
maybe they're just guys in costumes .
so she went .
when she met the people they sounded like aliens .
and they were even more frightening .
but they were cool .
when she went back home she told her parents about it .
they said that is pretty strange .
I don't believe that very much .
then they went back to the park to <> prove parents they were right .
the automobile and the aliens looking creatures had gone .
oh well maybe it was a dream Ally said .
but I could have sworn there were aliens over here .
Lisa she didn't decide what she wanted the happy meal or the Big_Mac .
and then she made up her mind and got the happy meal .
and she got a vanilla icecream .
and their mom had had and salad .
and their brother had +...
uh I don't remember that part .
and it had cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mother reach into her purse she remembered that she left her money on the kitchen counter at the house .
one day a little boy had woke up .
he went to go make breakfast .
but it was time to go to school .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoestring had broken .
and then he had tied his shoe and fixed it .
then he was outside .
then his bus <> had left him .
and then he hadta walk .
and then he was just yelling stop stop .
and then his teacher +...
he had walk to school .
and then his teacher was was outside standing for him at the school .
once upon a time there was two kids that was walking in the park .
and there was three aliens that got off they ship .
they had a pet dog .
and they had a daughter .
they had a mom .
and they had a dad with a lot of briefcases in his hand .
he hadta carry them all the way to they house .
and when they reached their house they took their dog for a walk in the park .
and <> those two kids the girl she wanted to see the aliens .
and the boy said no that's not a good idea .
and the boy was scared of aliens .
and the other alien that's in the ship was waving bye to his family because they had moved in the city where the people was at .
and they had a pet dog .
he was little and hairy .
and the girl had clothes on .
she had a top and a skirt .
the aliens they had legs that's like <> octopus's .
and the dad he had on pants that had eight pants legs .
he had on jacket .
he had on a shirt .
and he had on a belt .
the mom had on a skirt with a shirt with a little bitty line across it and that was white .
the ship was finish take off .
and then they was walking off the ship .
and their dad was the last person to get off .
they dad was fat .
and he had two blue cases a red one that had a sleeping bag .
and he had his wife purse .
their mom ate a salad .
and the little boy ordered some french fries and some nuggets .
and and the little girl wanted a snowcone .
and I forgot .
then boy got up .
he spilled the milk .
then his shoe came loose .
and it went through his pants .
and the bus left without him .
and he walked past a lady with grey hair .
I'm finished .
there was two people .
and there was a big spaceship .
and smoke was coming out of it .
and the four aliens came out .
they had clothes on .
and their dad had a purse xxx xxx and a dog that has a lot of hair .
and that little girl wanted to go see .
and there she had xxx and this table .
and here's some trees .
finished .
um I don't remember .
one day Lisa and Bryan were coming home from school .
and her mother said they can eat out .
and they all yelled Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Jessie she couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Kids_Meal .
so she finally decided .
and she said one happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and her mom wanted just a salad nothing else .
and <> her brother wanted a burger with fries and a chocolate milkshake or a white milkshake .
and he said it was <> twenty dollars and fifty cents .
and she went to reach for her pocketbook .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter .
the end .
the boy named <> Johnathon not john but Johnathon .
he was sleeping .
and his alarm clock came on .
and he tried to get ready .
and he was looking at the clock in the kitchen .
so he accidentally spilled his milk .
and and he tried to get his cereal .
and he was kind of late for the bus .
and he tried to tie his shoe quickly .
but his shoelace broke .
and <> he got his backpack ready his homework his homework folder his student planner and his math sheet .
and one was four times four equals eight .
and so he went outside .
and the bus was already gone .
so he hadta walk to school .
and his teacher said twenty minutes late .
and he told her about the story .
and said I tried to wake +...
I looked at my alarm clock and wouldn't hear it ring .
and I was looking at it .
and it did and it and +...
I was trying to leave .
so I tried to pour my milk .
and I looked at the time .
and I tried to get my cereal .
and I was kind of late .
and my shoelace broke .
and I tried to get my homework .
and I remembered one thing .
four times four equals eight .
and the school bus .
so I hadta do that last one before .
and I was kind of late because the bus already left .
and I hadta walk .
the end .
one day these aliens came with all sorts of legs .
and the girl and the boy lost their dog .
and the alien kid grabbed its leash .
and it looked really nice .
she said ooh@c a alien dog .
and and her mom said he'll let you keep it .
and she was happy .
and so she went to get it .
and then her brother tried to pull her back because she thought they was only costumes and a fake thing .
so she started rushing .
her brother grabbed her .
but it was really aliens .
and she didn't notice .
so her brother was right .
it was true .
so so she was happy .
and she thought it was her mom and dad because they were gone .
and they had a babysitter .
and they started walking down .
and they had a fun time .
and they went to the park .
and they accidentally saw one .
so they all ran home .
and the bad part was the dog been tooken [: taken] .
and so they brought the baby for a stroll .
and they took it .
and they ate it .
mom saw everything .
and she was scared .
so the aliens back .
but they didn't really eat it .
they were pretending because they wanna take it .
and so they took it in their spaceships .
and they came back with it .
and it was an alien .
and so her mom took it back .
and put it back .
and and it scared and turned it back into its normal person so it was fun for them .
so they went to the park .
and they called the police .
and they make sure .
they talked to the aliens and they were safe again .
and thanks thanks to the kids that told their parents everything about it .
and I usually say thanks to the power puff girls when I read a story .
and I finish my story .
and I said and it said thanks to the power puff girls .
the end .
there were two kids .
and their mother +...
their names were Lisa and Raymond .
and their mother said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
and then they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa is that her name Lisa or is it Liza .
I think it's Lisa .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Kids_Meal .
so they were walking in .
and the mother and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
finally Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal .
and so they ordered .
the mother ordered a hamburger .
and the boy Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
or all together it costed twelve dollars and fifty fifty cents .
and then when the mom was reaching for her purse to get all the money she realized she'd left her purse at home .
a little boy +...
do I hafta name him give him a name .
okay [<] .
a little boy named Tom got up one morning .
and he he was late for school .
and he he hadta get up .
he poured his breakfast made a mess with the milk .
he looked at the clock .
and it was almost time to go to school .
he got dressed .
then he tried to tie his shoe .
but one of the laces broke .
he hadta go get new laces from one of his other shoes .
and he got out there .
and he missed the school bus .
so he hadta run to school .
and when he got there finally the teacher said Tom you're late for school .
and then he explains that he got up a little late .
he broke his shoelaces hadta get breakfast real fast .
and he missed the bus .
and the teacher wasn't that mad at him .
okay let me think .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
the girl had curly red hair .
and the boy had curly blonde hair .
the boy's name was Ralph .
and the girl's name was Sally .
and one day they were exploring .
and they saw an alien ship land at the park .
when they saw aliens come out of it even an alien dog Sally got excited and started to run .
Ralph tried to hold her back .
but it was no use .
she kept running .
she wanted to take one of these aliens home .
<> and she wanted to take the dog home with her .
she invited them to come over to their house for a tea party .
and they said yes .
Ralph didn't know if they were friendly or not .
but Sally did .
Sally and the little girl and the little dog played .
the dog's name was fluffy .
the girl's name was alien .
they played in the park .
and Ralph didn't think this was such a good idea .
so he stayed up in a tree .
when he saw how much fun Sally and the others were having he decided to come down .
Sally said to alien this is my younger brother Ralph .
and she said hi .
and she said Ralph this is alien and fluffy .
ruff said fluffy .
but soon the aliens hadta go .
they said bye .
and they left .
but <> they said they would come back and visit someday .
the end .
um I hafta say exactly ?
um (5.) (4.) I don't know (3.) um +...
Lisa didn't know what to order .
and <> she couldn't decide from a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and her mother and her brother knew what they were gonna get .
and Lisa ordered a kidsmeal coke and a chocolate cone .
and her brother ordered (3.) cheeseburger a vanilla shake and fries .
her mom ordered a salad .
and once they wanted to pay her <> mother thought she had her purse .
but she realized she left it home &*INV:good_job on the counter .
there once was a boy name bill .
and mostly everyday he was always late for school .
and he always forgot to set his alarm clock .
four when it was almost time for the bus to come he wasn't even dressed .
and he was pouring his milk on his cereal .
two (6.) and he had trouble tying his shoe because he was only in kindergarten .
and when he got out there the bus <> was already driving away away .
so he hadta walk to school .
and then once he gotta school (3.) he was late once again like he always is .
his teacher said go sit down .
and he did his work .
and he got a-plus on all of them .
um (8.) there once lived a girl named Bill and Jane .
(3.) and they were taking a walk in the woods when they heard a <> weird sound of noise that they never have heard before .
so they kept on walking .
and they heard it again .
so they were getting scared .
so they went to go check it out .
then (7.) they went to go check it out .
and they hid behind a bush so they thing couldn't see them .
and when they peeked up it was (3.) a family of octopuses with a (7.) four leg octopus's dog .
the mom's name was Oogelygoogely .
four dad's name was (4.) Zee .
and the dog's name was big nose .
and the child's name was called Woogely .
the girl grabbed the boy's hands and said come on .
and the boy said no .
so then when the girl went to go check it out the dog didn't say a word .
but it tried to go and see what it was .
and then once they saw it they ran as fast as they could home and told the story .
and they never saw the octopuses again .
their mom said what kind of restaurant they wanted .
and they <> yelled Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car .
and <> she asked them what they wanted to order .
and they ordered some stuff .
and (6.) they left something on the counter .
this boy he woke up .
and he he saw that he was late and hurried .
he tried to eat breakfast .
but he was in a hurry .
so he spilled milk .
and he broke his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] because he was in a hurry .
and he missed the bus .
and he was late .
so he walked to school .
and he miss some of his class .
and the teacher said he was late .
two kids were in the park playing .
and they saw a alien ship .
and the aliens were going on the park to play .
and the girl wanted to go say hi .
and the boy said no don't go .
one day there was a little boy and a little girl .
and they asked their mother if they wanted to go out and eat .
and the mother said where did you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
but ray and the mother already knew what they wanted .
so they told the clerk what they wanted .
and ray told the clerk that he wanted a cheeseburger with a drink and a vanilla ice cream .
and the mother asked for a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and said that she wanted a happy meal with with fries and a coke with a chocolate ice cream cone .
and when the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents the mother tried to get her purse .
but it wasn't there .
but she realized it was back on the kitchen table .
one day there was a boy named Andrew .
and <> he had a headache once he woke up .
when he went downstairs to make breakfast he spilled the milk all over .
when he was trying to tie his shoes his stringlace [: shoelace] [* s:r] broke .
and when he was getting ready he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he reached school his teacher got mad because he was so late .
the trip when the aliens came .
one day there was a boy and girl named Jeremy and Martha .
they were walking to the park .
then all of a sudden there was a gigantic spaceship .
they hid behind a bush until the things went away .
when they came out they saw four aliens .
so they hid in a tree instead of behind a bush .
when the aliens came near the tree they stood quiet for a while .
then when the aliens went back home Martha and Jeremy never went to the playground again .
once upon a time there were two kids .
their names were Lisa and Raybee .
and (2.) their mom ask them <> where <> we're gonna go out to eat .
and she asked them (2.) where do yall wants to go today .
both said Mcdonalds .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to decide a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
then she made up her mind .
she wanted a kidsmeal and coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk asked him that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but the mother reached in her purse .
she saw it wasn't there .
it was on the kitchen counter at home .
once upon a time there was a boy named Micheal .
he was in the bed .
when he woke up his clock was too loud .
he went to go eat some breakfast .
he poured the milk all over the place .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelaces came off .
and then he <> went to go to the bus stop .
and the bus left .
then he walks to school .
and the teacher said you're late .
the end .
once upon a time there were two little kids named Lisa and Micheal .
they went to the park .
<> they saw a big ship .
suddenly they saw it was an alien ship .
<> four aliens came out of the ship .
there was a dad a mom the kid and the dog .
they went behind the bushes .
Lisa was pulling Micheal's hand so they can go see the aliens .
the end .
the aliens had their bags so they can spend the night (2.) at their house .
tuesday night a mother called his childrens .
um I forgot .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and and they hop on the car .
and then they drive over .
and Lisa didn't know what to pick .
so the boy and the mom know what to pick .
the boy pick a cheeseburger some fries and a large vanilla shake .
her mom picked some salad .
and Lisa know what she wanted to pick a happy meal some fries and a coke and a icecream cone .
and the the guy said that that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom didn't have the money .
so that's all .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
and he hits his head on his pillow on there .
he was looking at the clock .
he was xxx and some cereal .
and he spilled the milk .
and then he didn't know how to tie his shoe .
and then he missed the bus .
and then the teacher said you you are late for school .
and he was looking at her .
that's all .
the end .
once upon a time there were a space that came down to earth .
and inside there were aliens that looked like octopus .
and the woman hold the man hands and took them over here .
but the man say stop stop !
those are dangerous .
they could take your brain off .
the end .
their mom asked where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they shouted out and said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and so they went .
and when they got there Raymond ordered the chocolate shake .
and the girl ordered the sandwich and chocolate icecream cone .
and then their mom ordered a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and then their mom remembered that she left her purse at home .
one day this boy woke up when his alarm went off .
and it was very loud .
and it hurt his head .
and he got up and went to get his breakfast .
and when he tried to pour his milk he spilled it everywhere .
and he spilled it all over the table .
and when he tried to tie his shoes that day his shoelace broke off .
and he got very mad .
but he didn't scream .
then he walked outside .
and he saw his bus leaving .
and he tried to catch up with it .
but he didn't catch up .
and he hadta walk to school .
and when his teacher saw him he walks up the stairs and went into his classroom and sat down .
one day two people were siting at a park and talking .
and they were talking about animals .
and this girl was talking about aliens .
and she said she believed in them .
suddenly a spaceship came down on the ground .
and aliens came rushing out .
and their alien dog came out with them .
and the girl wanted to see them .
but the father ran away holding her hand .
and the daughter pulled on his hand to come and look .
but her father would not let her .
finally the aliens waved .
and the father ran .
and they went back home .
and when they got home the little girl told her mother .
and her mother did not believe them .
so she did nothing .
and she never believed that there was aliens anymore .
was it Raymond Lisa and I forget ? [+ bch]
okay . [+ bch]
Raymond and Lisa and their mom were at home .
Raymond and Lisa's mom said why don't we eat out tonight .
and she said where do you wanna go .
and both kids jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
they both jumped up in the car .
and their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and Michelle I forget her name .
I think Raymond and Michelle +...
Raymond and her mom knew what they want .
Michelle didn't know what she want .
when they gotta the <> counter Michelle didn't know what she wanted .
and Raymond said at the counter I want a cheeseburger a Doctor_Pepper and a vanilla icecream cone .
their mom said a cheeseburger uh I don't know what else .
and Michelle knew what she wanted .
and she said a cheeseburger a Doctor_Pepper and a a chocolate frostie yeah .
and then the person at the counter said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mom reached into her purse and and said +...
and she noticed that she left the money on the counter in the kitchen .
I don't know what to name my story .
I'm gonna name this story Jacob's_bad_day .
when Jacob woke up in the morning he looked at his clock and said I'm late .
he went downstairs to get breakfast .
he was so tired .
he poured his cereal .
and he tried to pour some milk .
but he made a mess .
when Jacob got back up to his room he tied both shoes .
and when he was trying to make a knot his shoestring broke .
he got dressed .
he got his backpack .
and he went out to the bus stop .
when he gotta the bus stop the bus was already pulling off .
so he ran down down the sidewalk .
and he said wait up for me .
but the bus didn't stop .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school he was tired .
and his teacher said you're late .
and he said I know .
I couldn't catch the bus .
his teacher said okay go to your seat .
and then we'll start .
I wanna name my story Casey_And_Jessie's_Adventure .
when Casey and Jessie came home from school they went to their backyard .
and xxx xxx Casey said let's go on an adventure in the woods .
so they went on their adventure in the woods .
they went pass dozens and dozens of bushes and trees .
when they gotta end of the bushes and trees they saw a xxx yellow thing .
Casey went to see what what it is .
and Jessie did too .
so they went to the very end of the bushes and trees .
when they finally gotta the yellow thing they saw what it was .
it was a spaceship .
Casey said let's go see what's in the spaceship .
when she got halfway there the door opened .
Jessie pulled her back behind the bushes .
she said what's the matter .
let's go meet them .
and so she pulled and pulled .
but Jessie wouldn't let her go .
when they saw what came out the door they saw three aliens .
and the littlest alien was holding a dog .
but then it didn't look like a dog .
it was an alien dog .
it was some kind of poodle with a alien head .
she pulled and pulled .
but she still couldn't get over there .
Sarah thought there was no other aliens coming out .
they saw that a alien was waving to them .
Jessie said let's go now .
this is freaky .
so they both left .
and they went home .
on their way home they was thinking about telling their family .
but Jessie said no .
everyone or anything will wanna go back .
and she xxx .
there were sending something up .
and when Casey went she figured out that she was just in a dream .
so she told her mother about the dream .
and she said I had that dream too .
let's tell dad .
one night Raymond and Lisa's mom asked them where they wanted to go out tonight .
they yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went out .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but Raymond and her mom did .
and then she finally knew what she wanted .
so she told the clerk she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate ice cream .
and the clerk said it would be twelve twelve something .
and the clerk said that will be yeah I already said that part +...
the mom looked in the purse .
and she left the money on the counter at home .
one day this boy woke up .
and he looked at the time .
and he woke up late .
and then when he got up he ran out of bed got some cereal but spilled the milk .
and he was looking at the time when he spilled the milk .
then when he was tying the shoe he broke part of the shoestring .
then he finally got his things packed and got outside .
the school bus was already leaving .
then he gotta school .
and the teacher either it's the principal or the teacher and she said he was late .
it looks like these kids were playing .
and the boy didn't wanna go where the aliens were because he saw these aliens .
so he didn't wanna go where she was taking him .
but she kept on .
and then there were aliens out in the park with a strange looking dog .
and there was a spaceship right there .
and the mom was wearing a dress .
looks like with eight legs or at least ten .
and the child was bald .
the dad was bald .
but the mother wasn't .
and there's another alien inside the spaceship that looks like the driver .
and the boy he was trying to get her off of them so they wouldn't go down there .
she thought it was a cool idea to go down there .
but the boy was stopping her trying not to go anywhere .
but it looks like they actually did get somewhere .
when the children got back from from school their mother said we are going to go out to dinner tonight .
and they screamed ahhh@c !
they screameded [: screamed] [* m:+ed] [*] I wanna go to Mcdonalds !
and they went .
and they they ordered a chicken burger and a large chocolate icecream [*] .
and that's all I remember .
and then they left .
and her mommy went to go get them her purse .
she said I left it on the kitchen counter .
that's all I remember .
she woke up .
and and she got dressed .
and she she put on her shoes .
and she tied her tie laces [*] .
but it <> broke [*] .
next morning when she woke up she was readier for school .
and she undresseded [: undressed] [* m:+ed] [*] .
she put her pajamas on her pillow .
and she put on her shoes .
but her tie laces broke [*] .
and then she ate her breakfast .
and the bus came and got her .
and then she came back from school .
the end .
they walked over when they saw .
they walked over when they saw something in the sky with aliens .
and then +/.
with I I don't know what they're called .
so they wanted to go see them .
but the boy didn't .
and the girl did [*] .
so the girl pulled his hand .
and they were walking over to them .
and a mom and a dad and and the daughter with a dog .
the end .
they went to Mcdonalds .
when they both got home from school their mom said tonight we're going to go to a restaurant .
and they shouted out Mcdonalds .
and and they were on their way to Mcdonalds .
and then they both saw the place .
I forgot .
and then xxx saw xxx xxx .
and what's their name again ?
the people in the story .
I don't know .
oh .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm and fries .
and then &*INV:mhm Lisa ordered icecream .
and I don't know .
she woke up .
then he got out of his bed .
then he wasn't watching .
then the milk spilled .
then he was tying his shoe .
then it ripped .
then he was late for the bus .
then he gotta school late .
there was family walking out [*] .
and they and the +...
and she wanted to see .
and he said no .
and then they went out .
and she was holding that .
and then she wanted to go .
and he said no that's a bad idea .
yeah .
then the father was holding the oldest .
and she think that was a good idea [*] .
but he didn't .
then they started to go .
and they're gonna do something .
then she was holding his hand .
then she said come on .
then he said no .
then that's it .
I can't think of anything else .
okay .
there was these two little children .
and their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they all shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car [*] .
and they went in .
and and Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
and then she finally made up her mind .
and and then she said I want a a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then she said how much would that be ?
and it was twelve bucks .
and the mom forgot her her purse on the kitchen counter table .
okay .
this boy woke up .
and he was late for school .
and and then he spilled his milk when he was trying to get the milk from the carton .
and then he went to school late .
the school bus left before he could even get on it .
and then he tripped <> with his shoelaces [*] .
and then he went to school .
but he was so so late that his teacher was standing in the front door with with the front door open with the cold air coming in .
there was these two little children .
one was a boy .
one was a girl .
and [*] there was this big big park that they wanted to go to .
and they went through the bushes .
and then there was this big big <> yellow orange spaceship with with a dog a little brother a mom and a dad .
and they went out of the big yellow and orange spaceship .
and the spaceship flew flew .
and there was this big big shadows that no one knew that it was [*] .
and so they looked up .
but nothing saw upon their eyes because it already left [*] .
and then the <> three little aliens went out to a picnic table to get all their stuff set out .
and then the girl and the boy went out to see .
they just wanted to see if they were real <> aliens or or not .
the boy said no let's not .
that's a bad idea .
don't you're just being a baby said the other one .
you're just being scared and a baby .
it's just a little peek she said .
and that's the end .
um I can't .
I can't remember .
hm: .
um in what part ?
[*] they wanted to do something but they didn't get to .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the mom didn't have the purse .
at home and when they're in the car .
basically the whole story but not all the words and stuff .
once upon a time there was a boy named Jeffery .
he had big problems .
when he was pouring the milk into his cereal too much came out .
when he was tying his shoe his shoelace broke in half .
and he missed the bus to school .
and he was late for school .
that's his bad luck .
once upon a time a alien ship landed on the planet earth .
two kids one was named rose and the other was named Henry they were going to to have a picnic .
but but a alien ship landed and thought that planet earth was the most beautiful place .
and they stayed there .
but rose wanted to go investigate .
but Henry said no .
but luckily the alien ship came back .
the end .
when Raymond and Lisa came home their mom asked them where they wanted to eat tonight .
Raymond and Lisa both shouted out Mcdonalds .
then they jumped in the car .
and their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
they have I can't remember this .
one morning Timmy woke up .
the alarm was right next to him .
it woke him up .
he went to the table to make his cereal .
when he poured in the milk it splashed everywhere .
then he went to go put his clothes on .
then he tied his shoes .
and then the string broke off .
and then he fixed it up .
and then he ran after the school bus .
and then when he after run the school bus he hadta walk to school [*] .
the principal said he was late .
one day Brandon and Chelsea went to have a picnic at the table .
but then they saw a shuttle land on the ground .
the door slammed open .
there was aliens walking out [*] .
and there was a funny dog .
Chelsea wanted to go see it .
and then he <> pulled her over and said no .
and then she said yes .
the end .
Raymond's mother asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and Raymond and Lisa um I don't remember her name +...
Raymond and Lisa were shouting Mcdonalds .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
and their mother and Raymond decided what they wanted .
and their mother got salad .
and the brother got a vanilla milkshake and I forgot what that was +...
and Lisa she got a happy meal and a icecream cone .
and it costed [: cost] [* m:=ed] two two fifty .
and when her mother looked back it wasn't on the table .
it was at home laying on the table .
a little boy was getting out of bed .
and he hadta turn off his alarm clock .
and then he got out of bed .
and then he hadta pour his milk .
and he made a mess .
and he hadta clean it up .
and then it was time for the school bus .
and then he ripped his shoelace .
and then the school bus was here .
and the school bus leaving without him .
and he was running for the school bus .
and then he went home to his mother .
and he said I spilled my milk .
and I broke my shoelace .
and now the <> bus left .
this big ship came down to a boy and girl's land .
and they were aliens .
and there was a alien dog and a alien little girl [*] and a alien mom and a alien dad .
and the girl she was running .
and then the boy stopped her because they didn't know what aliens would do to them .
it looked like they were heading to the bench .
they didn't get their food right away .
um I forgot &*INV:ok lots of it .
that the mother ordered a [>] .
the brother ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla milkshake .
and the sister ordered a chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
it's called The_Bad_Day .
mhm .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and I don't remember his name .
his mother said to wake up .
he woke up .
but when he lifted his head he bonked his head onto the clock .
he was late .
he decideded [: decided] [* m:+ed] to eat fast [*] .
when he was pouring his his milk he was looking at the clock .
and he accidently spilled his milk .
when he cleaned it and after he ate his breakfast he went to go put on his shoes and tie them .
he accidently got the shoestring out of the shoe .
he put it back in and got his backpack and ran as fast as he could to his school bus .
he hadta walk .
when he gotta school he got an a-plus and a star .
once there were two kids .
they were going to be on a plane .
they saw octopuses .
the girl was so excited .
the boy wasn't .
the plane was filled with little octopuses big octopuses medium octopuses [*] .
the girl ran to the octopuses and pulled the boy .
he wanted to grab onto the girl's hand [*] .
so she wouldn't get hurt by the octopuses .
their mom went to Mcdonalds .
and I don't remember the rest I only remember that part .
their mom left the money at home .
that's it that I only remember .
he got out of bed and tried to get cereal .
except he spilled the milk all over the table .
and then he tried to tie his shoes .
except his shoelace broke .
and then he waited for the bus because the bus kept going .
and then he just went to school .
uh yeah .
he told his teacher what happened .
and <> she was very pleased with that .
and she gave him a a-plus [*] .
once the kids went out to play at the park xxx xxx xxx yucky purple space aliens came .
and then a rocketship landed .
and then some yucky purple space aliens came out .
and then the kids wanted to go play with them .
but he didn't because there was a real bad dog [*] that was an alien .
and they tried to go play with him .
but they couldn't .
and then they just blasted off again to a different planet .
and then they unpacked their suitcases .
and then they ate the xxx the picnic table .
and then the kids wanted to go climb a tree past them .
except they couldn't .
and then they just blasted off to a different planet .
uh I'm thinking there's something else .
and they went to the store .
and then a little duck came along .
and then they said ahhhhh@c !
let's go hide behind that bush .
and then Mrs_heidi came over and beat up those alien space monsters .
and then they were allowed to call in her club .
there .
yes .
the kids came home from school .
and tonight they were going out .
and where did they wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
I do remember one thing .
and Lisa can't what she wants [*] +...
and +...
his clock wrong .
his shoes are not tied .
he woke up .
[^ (4.)] he also xxx to get something to eat .
he poured his milk over on accident .
and he was getting ready to leave .
and tie his shoes .
stuff like that .
he got outside .
and he wait for his bus .
then he had walk all the way to the classes after his bus got there .
there's two people walking home .
and one turning .
some octopus people came out .
and their hands are full .
and the girl was smiling .
and the boy wasn't .
he was acting like he was scared of the octopuses .
and they were running like stuff like that .
that is all I can think of it .
and the octopuses came off the station .
and there was a dog there too .
the girl couldn't decide what to have .
I forgot .
Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they they walked in .
and then their mother payed for the food .
she reached for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
he woke up .
then he poured his cereal and spilled it .
then he he tied his shoe .
and his lace broke .
and then he <> got his backpack on and ran outside .
and the school bus was gone .
and then he hadta walk to school .
there's a alien dog and some alien people .
there's these two kids that wanna +...
and there's one kid that wants to see them .
and there's one kids that doesn't because he's afraid [*] .
and the other girl wants to .
but the boy doesn't because he's scared .
and their hands are like people [*] .
but they like lines because they have +...
I don't know how many they have .
but they have lots more than us .
the dog has four like the real dogs .
and they're coming out of an alien ship .
the end .
Lisa's mom picked up the kids and said we're going out tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Jake said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
but Lisa said she didn't know .
Jake and mom knew .
Jake ordered a cheese sandwich and french fries and a chocolate shake .
mom ordered a salad .
um what was her name again ?
Lisa ordered a cheese sandwich and a diet coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
Jake got out of bed .
and he poured some milk .
and then he looked at the time .
and he accidently spilled his milk all over the table .
and then he tried to tie his shoe .
but it broke .
and then he ran for the bus .
but it already passed .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said he was late .
Daniel and Michelle looked over the bushes .
they saw a ship and out came four aliens .
the aliens walked out .
and Michelle ran .
but Daniel said stop .
they ran back home and told their mom and dad .
but their mom and dad didn't believe it .
and then the family falled behind the bushes [*] .
and they did see that family and the cat .
once Lisa and Raymond their mother asked them will you like to go out [*] ?
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
Lisa and Raymond jumped into the car .
and their mother drove them to <> the nearest [*] .
when they walked into the restaurant they asked their mother +...
when they gotta the counter +...
what was the next part ?
what would you like asked their mother .
what kind of snacks ?
what should their name be ?
what should their name be ?
but I don't know .
this one's name will be Ben .
this one's name will be Katie .
that's a girl that's a boy .
ready .
one morning when Ben woke up and had breakfast he spilled some milk .
[*] then he broke his shoelace off .
then he missed his bus .
then he chased after it on the sidewalk .
then Ben missed his bus and chased after it on the sidewalk .
then when they went to school Ben wasn't happy that he missed his bus .
he was sad when he missed his bus .
the end .
once there was a story .
there was four children .
and they went in an alien spaceship .
and one octopus sister stayed in .
the little octopus sister went out with it's mom and dad .
the little octopus sister was one .
the medium octopus sister was three .
the mom octopus was fifty five .
the dad was fifty four .
and there was two children named Katieanne and David .
Katie decided to meet them .
then the octopus family found a lost <> kitty that was scared .
the octopus family had eight legs .
then Katie wanted to meet them .
Katie pulled David on [*] and tried to walk with him .
and David's face went scared [*] because he thought they were mean .
and David was right .
and Katie was wrong .
so Katie went along and just sneak behind them .
but then she got trapped in a octopus leg tangled [*] .
she pushed the legs away and escaped back home .
then Katie got lost .
David got lost too the same place as Katie did .
then when they got home the next morning they were all [% sound interrupted on tape] .
the end .
one time there was a little girl and boy .
and they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and their mom said okay .
and then they went .
and then they +...
Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but her mom and her brother knew what <> they want .
and the mom wanted a salad .
the little boy wanted a cheeseburger and french fries with a big vanilla shake .
one time a boy woke up .
and when he got in the kitchen he spilled the milk .
and when he tried to tie his shoe it went into his pant .
and then he went to school .
the bus has already leaved [: left] [* m:=ed] .
and then when her son came home +...
then the little boy said I missed the school bus .
one time there was a little boy and girl .
and they wanted to go the circus .
and there was some octopus that was coming out .
and there was a person saying bye .
they didn't get to eat their food .
hm:: .
I don't +...
.
that the mommy left her purse on the kitchen counter .
the kids wanted Mcdonalds for dinner .
.
.
they wanted a cheeseburger and a chocolate icecream cone .
um no .
he had a bad day .
.
and he hadta walk to school .
.
and he looked really tired when he went to school .
.
and he hurt his head when he got up .
hm: no .
.
one day some people were in the park [*] .
and a big airplane came and dropped off aliens with their dog .
.
and the boy was too scared to go .
and the girl wanted to go .
and the girl said let's go .
and the boy said no it can be scary .
that's all .
they couldn't get their food &*INV:mhm because their mother left the purse on the kitchen counter .
that was a tough one &*INV:mhm for them I bet .
I remember them screaming Mcdonalds and getting in the car and driving to Mcdonalds .
then they gotta the counter .
then they ordered something .
their mom ordered a salad .
the boy ordered the cheeseburger with fries and a milkshake .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and the little girl ordered a milkshake a chocolate icecream and I think it was fries .
that's all I remember .
one day a little boy woke up .
and <> his alarm clock woke him up .
and then he had a hard day because he spilled the milk .
and then he broke his shoelace .
and then he'd been late for the school bus .
and the school +...
and he ran as fast as he could to try to get the school bus to stop .
and then he was late for school .
and then his teacher said look what time it is .
once upon a time a boy and a girl went searching .
and they stopped because they saw aliens .
and then the boy got scared .
but the girl didn't .
she wanted to make friends .
and he didn't because he thought they were too scary .
so they went with the girl's idea .
and they went to go meet them .
and then the boy didn't wanna .
so he hid in a bush .
and then once the girl saw their eyes she didn't think they looked very nice .
so she climbed up the tree and hid .
and then the boy named Daniel hid up in the <> same tree .
and she hid .
well the girl was named Haley .
and she climbed up in the same tree as Daniel did .
and then they ran home told their parents [*] .
but their mother <> and their father said this is very very hard to believe .
that's the end .
the mom said (3.) we're <> going to dinner tonight .
and the mom said then where do you wanna go ?
and then (3.) the kids [% (4.)] screamed Mcdonalds .
and then they go hop into the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
(5.) and then she's go to the counter .
and (4.) she finally decided what she wanted .
and then (5.) she asked the waiter that she wanted [*] a cheese hamburger and some icecream and some sprite .
and then I don't remember the rest .
there was once a little boy named Joe .
(3.) and he was really smart .
but one day (4.) he didn't feel so good .
then when he started pouring his milk on his breakfast he accidentally spilled .
and then he didn't feel so smart anymore .
and then (2.) he accidentally ripped his shoelaces into his pants .
and then he was late for school .
so then he missed the bus .
and he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher was a little frustrated because he was late .
once (2.) it was a beautiful day .
(5.) and Angie and (4.) Fred go to the park for a picnic .
and when they got there (4.) a ship came down .
harry was a little bit scared .
but Angie was a little bit excited when they saw what was coming out .
it was some aliens .
and they had some books .
then (3.) Angie comed and touched one of them .
but the aliens are pretty scared .
so they go back into their <> spaceship and go back up to mars .
they runned home to tell the story to their mom and dad .
first they were at home .
and then their mother said &*INV:mhm tonight we're gonna go out to dinner .
where do you guys wanna go ?
and then the kids xxx Mcdonalds .
and then the kids jumped in the car .
and then they so excited there .
and then they gotta Mcdonalds .
and the the mother and the little kid knew the boys .
so knew their happy meal [*] .
and then the little boy didn't .
and the mother forgot the money at home .
so they hadta go all the way back there &*INV:mhm to get it .
the boy woke up .
and he was pouring himself cereal .
and then the milk spilled because he was looking at the clock .
then he got on to see xxx .
and the bus left without him .
[<] then he hadta walk to school .
he was at school xxx .
is this the principal or a teacher ?
and the teacher showed him where he lived .
one day <> people have been looking out of a spaceship [*] .
and there were people .
and they ate people .
and the people what was left him on the spaceship [*] .
they go out for a picnic .
and the people went with xxx .
they were gonna go and return to the spaceship .
and then the ones that were playing they went over there to to do the picnic with them .
and the end .
that's all .
when Raymond and his sister got home from school their mother said we're going out to to eat .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds and climbed right into the car .
their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger and a chocolate shake .
and and the mother ordered a salad .
(4.) and the sister ordered a hamburger and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it costed twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but her mother had forgotten it on the counter at home .
and that's the end .
once there was a boy who slept overtime when he didn't hear his alarm clock .
he started fast .
he went downstairs to eat some breakfast .
then he tried tying his shoe .
but his shoelace broke .
then he tried getting onto the bus .
but the bus had already left .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and by the time the teacher saw him she said oh come in you are late again .
there there once was some octopus aliens .
and they got out of their ship .
and they were at the park .
and a boy named <> Christopher and Jazmine [*] .
Jazmine saw the park .
she began to go to it .
but then Christopher said no no Jazmine stop there are octopus aliens there .
but Jazmine kept on walking and ignored Christopher .
what's the girls name again ?
Sally .
eight I think I forgot the story .
the girl didn't know what she wanted .
so +...
and the boy knew what he wanted .
and the mom forgot her money .
twenty one I'm ready .
boy woke up .
he poured his milk in his cereal .
he started to get miserable .
when he got dressed he started to tie his shoe .
he broke his shoelace while he was starting to tie .
he got angry .
the bus started to drive away .
he got even angrier .
the teacher said you're late .
once kids were walking .
they went to the park .
when they got there her friend got scared .
she was happy .
everything and everyone turned into a alien [*] .
I think I'm done with that .
once upon a time there was two kids and a mother .
and she said where do you wanna eat ?
and they all yelled Mcdonalds .
and then the kids jumped in the car .
and the mother went to the nearest place of Mcdonalds [*] .
and then the mother and the brother knew what she was having [*] .
so the mother had some salad .
and the brother had a cheeseburger with some fries and a <> vanilla icecream cone .
and and then she finally made up her mind a hamburger with chocolate icecream cone [*] .
and and then <> the mother finally forgot +...
and then she noticed her wallet was gone .
once upon a time a boy woke up out of bed .
and then he went to go get his breakfast .
and he spilled the milk .
and then he was [*] tying his shoe and broke the +...
and then he hadta rush to the school bus .
and then he couldn't catch it .
and then he hadta walk all the way to school .
once upon a time there is four aliens coming to the real earth .
and then one of the kids got scared .
and one of the other kids got happy because they wanted to see it [*] .
they looked friendly .
and then the doggy saw them .
and he started barking at them and everything .
and then the spaceship took off .
and then the aliens got sad .
but then they had company because there was some kids there .
and then they got happy .
and they waved at them .
and the end .
one day +...
eighteen one day +...
they went to Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and the boy ordered a cheeseburger .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and the little girl ordered chocolate icecream cone [*] .
the mother forgot her purse at home .
and that's about all I remember .
one day a little boy discovered that his alarm clock was ringing .
he hurried and got out of bed .
and he he poured too much milk into his cereal .
then his shoelace broke off of his shoe .
then he missed the bus .
and then he was late for school .
the end .
once upon a time there was a little girl and boy .
they were walking to the park .
suddenly a big flying saucer dropped on the park .
and an alien family started coming out .
the little girl was very surprised .
she wanted to meet the alien family .
but her brother said it was a bad idea .
then the alien family's dog started barking at them .
she was very scared and ran past her brother all the way home .
the end .
<> one day there lived +...
I just forgot .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
but but when her mother she was going to get her purse .
but she accidentally left it at her home at the kitchen table .
that hadta be a problem .
ooh@c he's in trouble .
and he spilled [>] .
you okay ?
okay .
once upon a time there lived a boy .
what do I name him ?
there lived a boy named xxx I think .
I think Jayson .
Jayson .
when he went to go get breakfast [*] he spilled his milk when he was tryin(g) to pour it .
and when he was trying and trying and trying to tie his shoes he accidentally broke it .
when the school bus was ready to leave he left Jayson right behind [*] .
and when he came up the teacher told him seven seven o'clock .
he was on late [*] .
the end .
once upon a time there lived a little boy named Jason .
and a little girl named Teja .
but when they were going to a carnival +...
but when they got there that was only for aliens .
the little girl was trying to <> get him to go where they were going .
but he was too scared .
so [*] when those aliens came out they didn't see anything .
they just walked home .
after they went here to the picnic .
and all of these these three people were good .
this one was a lady and a girl .
and this one was the father .
the end .
when they order their food [*] .
and their mom lost her wallet .
and the icecream .
I love icecream .
hum I don't remember .
he's almost late for school .
and he's trying to pour his milk for for his cereal .
and then his shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] broke [*] .
and then he missed the bus to school .
and he was late .
the aliens came to earth .
and then the people ran .
and one person didn't because she wanted to see them because they were different .
and she wanted to know about them .
and they were really neat because she wanted to know about them .
and the boy didn't wanna .
and he told them no .
and she didn't listen .
and she should have because the boy was right because aliens are very dangerous .
uhuh .
tuesday night (6.) um I forget that part .
okay .
(9.) they were going out to eat .
seven their mother said where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds .
(6.) I forget what his name is .
he ordered a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
eight the mother ordered a happy meal and a chocolate milkshake .
fifteen I forget what it cost .
five they left their dollar there at their house .
they hafta go back and get it .
yeah .
I'm ready now .
he woke up from bed .
and and then he got dressed and get ready for school [*] .
and then he had breakfast .
but but he spilled it all over the place .
and then he was already dressed .
and then he was putting his shoes on .
and he broke his shoestring .
and then he was trying to catch up for the bus [*] .
and he missed it .
and then he gotta school .
and then he went inside .
sixty three I'm ready .
a boy and girl were playing outside .
they saw a ship up in the sky .
then it landed .
and then some aliens came out of it .
and they had a dog .
the girl petted the bush .
and the boy got got her .
she +...
and he pulled her away .
and then they went home .
well Raymond and Lisa came home on a tuesday afternoon from school .
and their mother asked where would you like to go to <> eat for dinner ?
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
she said okay .
and they got in the car and they went .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but Raymond and the mother knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond's mother ordered a salad .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake and a double cheeseburger .
and then Lisa finally decided that she wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the store clerk rung up the whole price .
and it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother figured out that she'd left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
one day jimmy woke up .
his alarm clock went off late .
and he looked at it and it was eight o'clock and he needed to be at school by eight ten .
and so he wanted to hurry .
and he wanted to get to school really really fast because he didn't wanna be late because then he'd get a tardy slip .
and then his mom might be mad at him .
and to top that all off it might go on his report card .
then he went downstairs .
and he knew he hadta have breakfast because he had a really big test coming up .
and that was today .
and he barely even study for it .
so he thought that a breakfast might help him .
but he tried pouring the milk .
and the milk spilled <> all over the table and all over the floor .
and then he looked at the clock .
and <> already it was eight twenty .
so he was already sposta be at school .
so now he is hurrying even faster .
and so he just decides that he can't even deal with the breakfast or clean up the mess right now .
so then he hurried to get dressed .
and after he <> put his red shirt on with the orange stripe and his jeans on and his shoes with darkish purple and the white stripes his shoelace broke right when he was trying to <> tie them .
and so then now he's just having a really bad morning because he's late .
he didn't have breakfast at all .
and his shoelace broke .
and so it's too <> small to tie to anything .
so he just decides that he hasta tuck the little shoelace that's broke into the shoe .
so then he gets his backpack and everything ready .
and there goes the schoolbus .
so he's late .
and so he's running after the schoolbus .
and it's five blocks to school .
he can run but he'll be even later after that .
so the school bus is just speeding .
and he can't <> catch it fast enough because obviously it's a schoolbus .
and so he just is gonna hafta walk the five blocks .
when finally gets to school the teacher tells him that he's way too late and gives him a tardy slip anyway .
so this was just a really bad morning for him .
once upon a time and during the summer may to be exact there was a family .
there was a girl and her brother .
the brother's name was jimmy .
and the girl's name was Katie .
and one day Katie went to the park with her brother .
and they were playing ball when they found out that a family of aliens had came down to earth .
jimmy was terrified .
and Katie was very psyched .
she loved weird stuff .
and she was just saying come on it won't hurt .
let's just go .
but jimmy was saying no I think it's a bad idea .
what if they're harmful .
and so Daniel just went back home because he thought it was just a really bad idea .
but Katie went up to the aliens and said where do you really live ?
and they said mars .
and then Katie said well can you prove it ?
and then the aliens said sure !
so they went back to mars .
and they got a piece of the planet .
and they came back .
and they showed it to her .
and then she believed them .
but then the aliens said now it's your turn .
and they they came up to Katie and and took her prisoner on the ship .
and then they all went back to mars .
and <> Katie was a alien too .
okay the mother came home .
and she asked the kids where they wanted to eat .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
so she said okay .
and then they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Raymond ordered a +...
oh my gosh .
I forgot .
he ordered something with a shake .
and then &*INV:okay the daughter ordered a happy meal with chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mother went to reach for her money .
but then she realized that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
okay the boy Ben woke up out of bed .
and then he realized that his clock didn't go off .
and then he got out of bed .
and then he went and got some cereal as fast as he could .
after that he put on his clothes .
and then he realized that his shoelace broke .
and so then he hurried up and got different pair of his shoes on .
and then went outside .
but then he realized that he missed the bus .
he went to school .
and then his teacher was waiting for him .
and then she saw him .
and he got in big trouble because he was late .
Nicky and Daniel were outside playing .
and then all the sudden they just see aliens come off of the ship .
and they come out .
and then Nicky wants to go say hi to them .
but Daniel's like no come back .
and then she's like why not .
and he's like because you don't know what kind of people they are and stuff like that .
and then they were just out looking around seeing how cool it is to be on earth .
and then Daniel and Nicky ran home to tell their parents about it .
one day when Raymond and Lisa got home from school they went inside .
and they talked to their mom .
and she said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them what they wanted .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a Kids_Happy_Meal .
and when the person came onto the speaker phone Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
so she said to the clerk I want a kidsmeal cheeseburger with a chocolate icecream cone .
and they said that the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when it was time to pay their mother forgot that she had left the money at home .
one day a boy had woken up very late .
he hadta hurry and make himself breakfast because the bus was gonna be there any minute .
after he had gotten dressed he was tying his shoes .
when he was on his last shoe his shoelace suddenly broke .
that made him late for the bus .
when he arrived at school after walking the teacher scolded him for being tardy .
but he soon got over it .
one day Amy and Darin were having a picnic with their family .
all of a sudden they ran off to go find somewhere else to play .
as they were walking toward a forest they saw a spaceship landing with flows of <> strange writing on it .
and a family of aliens stepped out .
they had eight legs .
and the girls were wearing dresses .
they had five fingers on each hand .
all of a sudden they got really scared .
and they ran from that place .
they couldn't find their families after that .
but after three days they finally found their mom and dad .
they told them about the story .
and their parents asked them why they were gone so long .
they showed them back to where the spot where they had saw the aliens .
and all they could find were footprints .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mom said that for dinner they're go to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa and Raymond were very happy .
then they <> got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa when she walked in couldn't make up her mind .
but the mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
and then they ordered .
and Raymond asked for a cheeseburger a milkshake and something I forgot .
and the mom asked for a salad .
then Lisa knew what she wanted .
and she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the person behind the counter said that will be two fifty .
and the mom reached into her pocket and felt that she didn't have her wallet .
and that's where it ended .
she remembered that she left it on her kitchen counter though .
one day when Sam woke up he found his alarm clock on the floor and realized there was ten minutes left before school start .
he ran into the kitchen and started to get some cereal out and was pouring his milk and xxx looked at the clock .
and some milk got out .
when Sam was getting on his shoes after he got dressed his shoes snapped .
and he started to fumble with it and got mad .
but finally he got his shoes tied and ran outside but just late enough to see that the schoolbus had already left .
then Sam walked to school .
and when the teacher saw him coming in she pointed his finger at him and into the classroom .
one day when Rachel and Michael were on a field trip they were about to have lunch but then couldn't find another seat because all the picnic tables were taken .
so both of them went around and tried to find a place to go and then finally found one .
then all of a sudden when they were about to go sit down a huge yellow and orange u_f_o landed right in the park .
and they hid behind the bushes .
all of a sudden when the door opened and the gas went off a family of octopus aliens came out with all their luggage .
the littlest one was carrying a dog .
the mom was holding her hand .
and the dad had the suitcases .
in the u_f_o was the airplane lady and waved goodbye wishing them a good trip on the strange planet .
all of a sudden the door closed .
but Michael and Rachel were so surprised .
they hid behind the bushes and looked .
they heard mumbling noises and were surprised to hear that they were talking to each other .
they looked out .
xxx and Rachel was so surprised wanted to go over to them and see them and examine them .
Michael was really against that idea .
he told her to <> not go and grabbed her hand .
then she changed positions and grabbed his hand to take him with her .
when they got out behind the bushes the aliens were so shocked .
they scrimmaged around running places from here to there .
they were so shocked .
when Rachel finally got up to them they were cornered in the forest .
they had no clue what to do .
Rachel wanted to be kind and so did Michael .
so she tried talking in a mumbly voice .
she didn't realize that it was going to be a real language and that it'd mean anything .
but it did .
and it meant something great .
so the aliens weren't going to hurt her .
and she wasn't gonna hurt them .
all of a sudden the u_f_o came back .
and the family of aliens got back on to the u_f_o .
Michael and Rachel waved goodbye and so did the aliens .
(31.) .
Lisa and Raymond's mother asked where do they wanna eat .
both of them said Mcdonalds .
so they all hoped [>] +/.
so all of them hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond and his mother already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
<> and when they gotta the counter , Raymond said that he would like a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and finally Lisa decided what she wanted .
she said that she wanted a kidsmeal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when when they all ordered , their total was twelve dollars .
and when Lisa's mother went into her purse to get the money , she <> remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
Brian got out of bed at six o'clock to get ready for school .
he ran downstairs to eat breakfast .
and when he tried to pour the milk into the bowl , it splashed everywhere .
then he put on his clothes and reached in his shoes .
when he tried to tie his other shoe , one of the <> shoestrings broke .
when he went outside to catch the bus , the bus had left him .
then , when he walked to school , his principal had said he was late .
and he told her what happened .
Britney and Johnny were going to the park to have a picnic .
but when Johnny saw a strange spaceship landing he was scared .
then all of a sudden , a family of aliens came out .
and and they had a weird looking puppy .
Johnny was scared to go and say hi to them .
so Britney grabbed his hand and took him over there .
Raymond and his sister +/.
okay .
Raymond and his sister got home from school .
and their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
and where would they like to eat ?
Raymond and his sister both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond's sister couldn't figure out what she wanted to eat .
she either wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but their mother and Raymond knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mother <> wanted a salad .
finally Raymond's sister decided that she wanted a happy meal .
and then the clerk said twelve fifty .
and as the mother reached for her purse it was gone .
oh no look at the time .
I've overslept .
I can't believe it .
I didn't hear my alarm clock .
oh_man I'm so tired .
alright well I gotta jump out of bed .
oh_man I spilled my milk .
this is not my morning .
it's horrible .
I can't believe this .
everything's ruined .
I am ruining my shoes .
I can't even tie them .
gosh I hate this morning .
oh_man now I'm late for the bus .
it's impossible .
I'm never late for the bus .
oh_man now I've gotta run to school .
oh this cannot be cool .
I am sorry .
I really didn't mean to be late .
I overslept .
and my alarm clock went off too late .
I'm really sorry .
look !
on my way home from school I found this really cool new park .
I've never seen it before .
it's strange .
okay let's go there after school .
great .
okay .
<> look how cool this is .
it's big and wide open and so much fun .
come over here .
and we can have races .
okay .
oh no look !
oh my gosh stop .
look !
what are those ?
I don't know .
let's go meet them .
no no don't don't stop !
let's watch them first .
let's see what happens .
all these aliens started coming out of the spaceship .
oh my gosh look how cool it is .
<> , come on , don't be scared .
as soon as they walked up to the aliens the aliens tried to eat them .
oh my gosh we're so scared .
oh my gosh I'm scared .
<> let's go back home .
come on , , come on , don't be scared .
they just wanna meet us .
come on , .
oh my gosh they really are trying to eat us .
come on , <> let's go .
the end .
they were in the car .
and the mom asked them where they wanna eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went up and ordered .
and when the cashier told the mom the money she reached in her purse and realized it wasn't there .
and she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
and that's all I remember .
one morning a boy woke up .
and the alarm clock went off .
he went and poured some milk .
but he spilled it all over the table .
next he went and put on his clothes and tied his shoe .
but his shoestring broke .
then he went to the bus .
but he missed it .
that morning he was late for school .
and his teacher was wondering where he was .
I'm gonna call this the octopus family .
one day they got off this space shuttle and took their dog for a walk .
these two kids Mitchell and Jordan saw octopuses walking .
Michelle looked happy .
but Daniel tried to stop her .
next she tried to go over .
but Daniel still stopped her .
the octopuses looked happy .
um that's all I can think of .
the mom got home .
and she told the kids that they were going out to dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then when they gotta Mcdonalds Jane couldn't decide on what she wanted xxx the Big_Mac or the happy meal .
and and I forgot the rest .
and the mom knew what they wanted .
so when they gotta the counter the brother he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then Jane finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a cheeseburger with a chocolate cone I think um .
and when the xxx xxx say it was twelve dollars and something cents .
when the mom reached down to get her pocketbook she just remembered that it was on the kitchen counter at home .
Tom woke up in the morning and looked at the clock to see what time it was .
and then Tom went into the kitchen .
and he poured some cereal in the bowl .
and then he poured the milk all over the table and all over the floor .
and then he got dressed .
and when he was about to tie his shoes the shoestring tore .
and he got mad .
and then when he was walking out of the house door the <> school bus had passed the house .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then when he gotta school the teacher were right there and told him what time it was .
and he hadta hurry up and get to class before he get tardy .
I'll call this the the aliens .
one day when john and Jill Jill were walking to the picnic in the park they saw a big huge space shuttle with weird words on it .
and then when they looked again they saw it opening .
and when it opened alien people came out of it with an alien dog and a little girl a mom a dad and another girl about to come out of it .
Jill wanted to go over there .
and she thought it was just some people dressed in a costume .
and john he hurry up .
john didn't wanna go over there .
and Jill grabbed him and xxx xxx hand .
and Jill was pulling him and almost about to grab her .
and when Jill grabbed john the aliens heard john and Jill .
and they they say hi .
and the aliens say hi in a crazy voice .
and then the aliens asked them if there was a house for rent anywhere .
and they said no .
and so the aliens they slept in the woods over night and xxx .
then when they slept at night <> Jill and <> john went to where they were sleeping at .
and they looked in their xxx .
they found out that they were real people and that they had on costumes to trick people .
their mom told them that they're eating out .
and Teresa couldn't remember once they gotta Mcdonalds .
well they both screamed Mcdonalds .
and see I'm not a really good once I read it like if my mom reads it I don't remember anything um .
they didn't get their food .
they were hungry .
and Lisa I think +...
Lisa she ordered [% child laughs] a kidsmeal [% third party speaking in background] and a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
one morning Joshua woke up by his alarm because it was broken because it fell off his dresser .
he <> looked at the clock .
and then he ran down the stairs .
he poured the milk all over the place for his cereal .
he was late getting his shoes on and getting dressed .
he he broke his shoe because he got frustrated because he forgot how to tie his shoe .
then he got his backpack .
he ran outside .
and then there was the bus .
the bus was already half way a mile .
then once he ran all the way to school his teacher was outside his classroom door .
and she was really mad because it was an hour past .
once there was a boy and a girl named john and Allie .
they were adventuring through the park .
and then they saw a big old ship landed on the park .
first they saw a a weird looking dog came out with a big long neck .
and then they saw a child holding it .
and then the child was holding the mother .
and then right behind the mother was her husband .
he had about ten ten legs .
and right behind there was their teenage girl .
and Allie was so excited that she wanted to make friends with the aliens .
and Allie pulled his arm .
so they could of be friends .
but then john didn't wanna because you didn't know if they would wanna suck your brains out or not .
[^ laughs] but then Allie <> just let go and ran out in front of the the aliens .
and and they said mehow@c .
and then Allie said mehow@c back .
Allie knew what it meant because she was half chinese and half Japan .
then the little alien girl wanted to make friends with Allie .
so they were talking in Chinese hoyyahshiyashia@c to her mom and asked her if they could be friends .
so then Allie went up to the alien girl .
and they shook hands .
then they ran off with the dog and started playing Catch_The_Alien_Leg .
there was two boys .
and a mother asked where <> they wanted her to take her to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the brother and the mom knew what they were gonna order .
but his sister had a hard time .
and when they finally got up to the cash register they ordered a salad fries a coke and hamburgers and french_fries .
and her sister made her order .
and the cost was twelve fifty .
and the mother was going to reach for her wallet in her purse .
and then she remembered that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
this story is Bill's_Late_For_School .
this boy named bill .
he wakes up late looks at his clock gets out of bed .
and he's pouring milk splashes it everywhere .
and he looks at the time .
and he is late .
goes gets dressed .
and his shoelace breaks .
he he finally gets everything he needs runs outside and misses the schoolbus .
tries to get it to stop .
but they keep going .
he's gotta find a way to get to school .
when he finds a way to get to school he gets there .
and then he he meets up at the door .
and his teacher tells him he's late again .
One_Alien_Ship .
this boy named Billy and his sister Sam were out one day walking around after school .
next thing they see is a ship land getting ready to take off .
it was no plane .
they were wondering what it was .
so Sammy wanted to get out and look at it closer .
and bill doesn't like the idea too much .
next thing aliens come out a girl a guy with lots of suitcases and lots of legs a mom and their pet dog that was kind of furry .
and he thought that if they left it would be good .
and then they went back to see if it was true what happened .
and they never saw them .
and they never even found the place .
they went back on a different route saw the aliens .
but they weren't no aliens .
they were just people that looked alike .
and they were wondering if it was just their imagination that crossed over because they were reading about aliens in school or if their parents just filled their mind with aliens when they were watching tv that night .
Lisa and Raymond's mom said we're eating out tonight .
and where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted between the happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mom had already decided what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a Big_Mac with a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind about <> what she wanted .
and she told the clerk a happy meal a coke and a chocolate shake .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars .
when <> their mom went to reach for her purse it wasn't there .
and she realized she had left it on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
Raymond woke up .
and he was very tired .
then when it was time for breakfast he looked at the clock and knew he was really late for school .
and he was so tired he spilled milk all over the table .
and when he got dressed and put his shoes on his shoelace broke .
and when he went outside with his backpack +...
and he tried to run after the bus because he missed it .
and then he he supposedly walked to school .
and his teacher was standing outside the door pointing at her watch which meant you're late .
Raymond and Julie found a trail and followed it .
when they gotta the end of the trail there was a spaceship that was yellow orange and red .
they waited for awhile .
and when the door opened this family came out .
but it wasn't a regular family .
they were aliens .
and Julie wanted to go talk to them .
but Raymond said no .
I don't think that's a good idea .
and after that Raymond pulled Julie to the trail and went back up it .
and they never saw the aliens again .
uhuh .
&=laughs on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where do you wanna go for dinner ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and then went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to order .
while Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted to order .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake fries and a burger .
well and then his mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone a burger and fries .
then the clerk said the total was twelve ninety five or something .
and and then when her mom was checking for her purse <> she realized she didn't have it and remembered that she left it at home .
and that's it .
I'm gonna call this The_Worst_Day_Ever .
first there's a boy named bob .
and he wakes up in the morning and realizes that his alarm clock didn't go off .
so he's gonna be late for school if he doesn't hurry up .
then he goes downstairs to make himself some breakfast .
but he starts to look at the clock to check the time .
so he's pouring his milk .
and then he doesn't realize that the milk is spilling .
so now he hasta fix up his breakfast and everything .
then he takes a shower and gets ready and whatever .
and then when he's putting on his shoes he starts tying them .
but he's so strong it breaks his shoelace .
then he realizes that he's late for the school bus .
so when he goes outside the school bus is already driven away .
so then he ends up walking to school .
and the teacher was standing right outside the door waiting for him .
and she got mad at him and asked him why he was late .
he told the teacher the story about the bad day .
so the teacher <> forgave him .
I'm just gonna title this story The_Abduction .
and it's about a boy and a girl .
the boy's name is rob .
and the girl's name is lily .
so okay one day they were at the park .
and they were playing hide-and-go-seek .
when suddenly they heard a loud beeping noises from up above .
so they looked up and saw a huge spaceship that was orange and yellow .
and it was pretty big .
lily was so excited .
and she wanted to go near the spaceship .
and so she stood right beneath it .
and she called it down .
and as it came down rob grabbed lily by the hand and tried to pull her away .
but lily was so excited when she saw a bunch of aliens come out of it .
she saw a mom a dad a baby and a dog alien .
she wanted to go say hi to them and ask them what planet they were <> from .
so she grabbed rob by the hand and led him over to the aliens .
the aliens spoke a weird language .
so lily couldn't understand it .
so she tried to teach them english .
but but they couldn't learn it .
then soon it was getting dark .
and the sun was beginning to set .
so the alien family hadta go back to their planet which lily found out was berserk .
and so they went back in their spaceship and left back to their planet .
they were here on vacation for like a month .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond their mother told them in in the kitchen that they were going out to eat .
she asked them where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
but Lisa didn't know what she wanted to eat .
she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
in the end she ended up getting a happy meal fries and an icecream cone .
her mother wanted a salad .
her brother ordered a coke a Big_Mac and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mother wanted a salad .
but their mother left her purse at home .
so she couldn't pay the fee which was twelve fifty .
it was a sunny day when Marshall woke up .
he wasn't feeling too well .
and he wasn't on top of everything .
he was late waking up .
he was late getting breakfast .
and he was also late for the school bus .
when he arrived at school the teacher asked him what had been wrong .
and then she looked at his hair and saw that he hadn't brushed it yet .
he told her the story .
and she told him to go get an admittance slip to give to her .
but then when Marshall had it he dropped it into a trash can and couldn't find it .
so he hadta go back to the office and get a new one for his teacher .
it was a bright day when Erin and Natasha and their family went on a picnic .
Erin and Natasha were fooling around .
and they wandered away from the picnic table .
what they saw they couldn't believe .
they thought they had seen aliens walking out of a spaceship in the middle of a field .
even though they thought they could see it they didn't believe it because it was sweltering hot .
they went back to the campsite and told their parents this .
but no one ever believed them .
they didn't believe themselves either .
they just thought that they were just being weird .
they wanted to go back and see it .
but when they did not only did they see the aliens they saw aliens playing football soccer and basketball .
and there were other aliens holding aliens on leashes .
now they thought that they were going nuts .
but <> they went back and told their parents this .
and their parents got angry at them again .
so they left the picnic .
one day Lisa and Ronald were in the kitchen .
and their mama asked if they wanted to go out for dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Ronald ordered a small hamburger with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a small kidsmeal cheeseburger with a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the total come up which was twelve ninety six the mother reached down to grab the money .
and her purse wasn't there .
and then she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
and the question was what should they do .
one day Arnold woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he was late for school .
as he was getting ready he started having trouble .
just like when he was pouring milk in his bowl to have cereal it spilled all over the table .
and when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then when he tried to catch the school bus it had just left .
and then he gotta school very late because he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher was very upset .
one day Annie and Michael went to the park to grab sticks and throw it like Annie was a dog .
and when they got there they saw aliens arriving at the park .
and Annie went out to go look at them closer .
and Michael pulled her back because he thought they were dangerous .
and then as they were watching they looked a_lot friendlier .
then they went home to go tell their parents what they saw .
a tuesday afternoon Lisa and Raymond ran home .
and when they got home their mom said we're gonna go out for dinner tonight .
and where would you like to go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they got there .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to order either Big_Mac or happy meal .
and her brother Raymond ordered a vanilla shake a Big_Mac and french_fries .
and Lisa finally decided .
and she ordered happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and then Lisa's mom realized that she left her purse at home .
what should they do ?
one morning <> Sam woke up .
and he saw that his alarm clock was late .
and he knew that he was gonna have a bad day because he woke up late .
so he got up .
and he went into the kitchen .
and he looked at the clock .
and it was really late .
so he got his cereal .
and when he poured his milk the milk spilled all over the place .
and soon after that he went back into his bedroom got dressed .
and when he was putting his shoes on one of his shoelaces broke .
and he was really angry about that .
so he got another pair of shoes .
and he looked at the clock again .
and it was time to go .
so when he ran out the door the school bus had already left .
so he hadta walk to school .
and when he got there his teacher said he was late .
and he got in trouble .
one saturday afternoon Daniel and Marie were walking <> in the park .
and they took a shortcut to get there faster .
and then when they gotta the park they saw a spaceship .
and then the door opened .
and out came a little space alien dog with one eye a little girl a mom a dad and a little brother .
and Mari wasn't quite sure what to do .
and she was really happy .
and she was trying to run to the aliens .
and Daniel wouldn't let her .
what should she do ?
there were these two kids Lisa and Tommy &*INV:okay and then his mom .
the mom asked the kids where they wanted to go out to eat today .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped up and jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they walked in .
Lisa <> didn't know if she could pick a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then Tommy ordered .
and he said a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
and his mom said that she wanted a salad .
then Lisa <> decided that she wanted a happy meal with fries and a chocolate icecream .
but then when when she <> turned around to get her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
[^ whispers] I can't think of his name .
the boy was +/.
okay .
Kyle was sleeping in his bed .
and last night he forgot to put on his alarm clock .
so then <> he woke up .
and he saw the clock .
and it was already seven forty .
so he got up .
and he went to the kitchen and poured the milk .
and then he spilled it because he was looking at the clock the whole time .
then he was tying his shoe to +...
and then he he broke his shoelace .
and then when Kyle went outside he hurried up .
he got his backpack .
and then the school bus left .
he tried to catch it .
but then he was late .
then Kyle hadta walk to school .
and his teacher Miss_williams was pointing at her watch .
and then Kyle knew that he was really late .
and it was already eight thirty .
so then he went inside his classroom .
and then Miss_williams hadta call his mom to tell him that she was late .
there were these two kids Sarah and Michael .
on monday morning there was a circus at their school in the park .
so then they got up .
and they went to get dressed .
then Sarah really wanted to go see the circus .
so then he ran over there .
she went .
and while they were going they saw this u_f_o in the middle of the park .
and Sarah was excited .
and so she wanted to go say hi to the little girl and the dog .
but Michael said no they're aliens .
don't go over there .
you may get hurt .
and then Sarah didn't believe him because he thought that he just doesn't want Sarah to get friends .
so then Sarah went .
and he asked the alien girl what was her name .
and then she said my name is Michelle .
and then so Sarah went up there and said hi my name is Sarah .
do you wanna be my friend ?
and then Michelle said yes .
and she introduced her to her dog named Pluto .
so then she pet Pluto .
and then Pluto Pluto licked her face .
her mom asked Sarah if she wanted to go to the circus with them .
so she told her husband john that we're gonna go to the circus .
while john was making the tent and everything Michael went up and said Sarah it's time to go now .
so then the mom said that she'll take Sarah home .
and then Michael said no it's okay .
I'll take her home .
so then the mom said okay .
so then Sarah and Michelle said bye to each other and then to say bye to Pluto .
so then they went home .
and then they saw each other at school .
it was on a tuesday .
and Lisa and Raymond were home from school .
and their mother came home and told them that they were going to Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa wasn't sure what to order .
and Raymond and their mother had both made up their mind .
when it was time to order the clerk asked Raymond what he wanted .
and he said he wanted a cheeseburger and french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and her mother ordered a salad .
Lisa had made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal with french_fries coke and an <> chocolate icecream cone .
<> and the clerk said it was twelve fifty .
when Lisa's mother reached for her purse it was gone .
the end .
once there was a boy named David .
and it was a wednesday morning .
and he woke up .
and he noticed that he was going to be late for school .
then he went to pour his milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
at this point he was very disappointed .
then he went to tie his shoes .
and it broke .
he was furious !
he walked out the door and noticed that his bus had already left .
and so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school his teacher was very furious .
the end .
there once lived two two children .
the boy's name was Randy .
and the girl's name was Maria .
one day they were walking in the park .
and they saw this really weird shaped thing from the sky coming down .
Randy said what is that ?
and Maria said I don't know .
let's get closer !
Randy said no that's a bad idea .
and then when it landed four aliens came out .
three of the aliens were octopus looking thingies .
and their name's were jack violet and spot .
the <> fourth alien looked kind of like a dog .
his name was Feefee .
violet said look at this place .
it's absolutely beautiful .
when Maria saw that she was amazed .
and Maria and Randy ran home to tell their parents .
their parents said that's bogus .
and they said we can prove it .
when they went back the ship was still there .
but nothing was around it .
the aliens had disappeared .
the end .
okay one day when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said that they were going out for dinner that night .
where did they wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide in between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
but the mom and Raymond knew exactly what they were gonna have .
Raymond ordered a burger with a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally decided on a Big_Mac with a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
and the clerk said it was a total of twelve dollars .
and when the mom reached down for her purse to get the twelve dollars out it wasn't there .
and she realized she'd left it in the kitchen .
one day this twelve year old boy named Tom woke up and looked at his clock .
and he realized his alarm clock broke .
and school was about to start .
so he was gonna be late .
and then he was so worried about the time when he was getting ready for breakfast he spilled milk all over the table because he wasn't concentrating .
and then just his luck when he was getting ready to go and he was tying his shoes the lace broke off .
so he hadta fix his lace .
he hadta clean up the milk .
and after he did that he ran out the door to see his bus just leaving .
and he went to school .
his teacher said you're late .
look at the time .
and he said I know .
and he told her about it .
and she wasn't very happy .
but she told him it was okay .
the end .
one day a brother and sister named mark and Susie were walking down the park when they saw this big spaceship and a family of aliens .
and Susie said oh my gosh .
that's cool .
let's go meet them .
but mark said no no .
it's dangerous .
but she kept on saying please please .
and he got sick of it .
so mark just said fine .
but I'm not going with you .
so she went up to the little alien girl .
and she said hi my name is Susie .
what's your name ?
and she said my name's Susie too .
and Susie said cool .
and then they started playing together .
and they had a lot of fun .
and their family was really really nice .
and then when mark saw how much fun that they were having he felt guilty that he didn't like the people just because they were different .
so he joined in .
and the little alien girl Susie was nice enough to let him play .
and they were friends ever since then .
no I guess not .
their mom was asking them what Lisa and Raymand wanted for dinner .
and they both said they wanted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they went in .
and Lisa couldn't decide between a hamburger and a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered the Big_Mac the french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and they didn't say what their mom ordered .
and Lisa ordered a hamburger a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when their mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
lance woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he realized he had overslept .
he made a mad dash for the kitchen .
and as he was pouring his milk he looked at the clock and realized it was late .
so he poured faster .
and it spilt all over .
and after he had done cleaning it up and eaten what was left he got dressed as fast as he could tried to get everything matched .
and he was trying to tie his shoes .
and he pulled too hard .
and the shoelace broke .
as he got his backpack and ran out the door he tried to catch the school bus .
but he was late .
and he was going to +...
he was late .
so he walked to school .
when he came to school the principal was outside the door and told him that he was late and that he hadta stay after school for detention .
it was a normal day in the park .
and then an alien spaceship landed .
and the aliens came out .
and there was a girl named Crema .
and there was a guy named Daniel .
and they were at the park when the alien spaceship landed .
and when the aliens came out they hid behind a bush .
and Crema wanted to go out to see what they were like and if they were friendly or not .
and Daniel was so scared he tried to hold her back .
but she insisted .
when they came out she said welcome to earth .
and the aliens said that they were here on vacation .
and then Crema wanted to show them the neighborhood .
and they went around .
but they accidently scared some people .
and at the end of the day they said they hadta go home back to mars .
and when they flew off Crema and Daniel went to tell their parents .
but their parents didn't believe them because they insisted that aliens weren't real .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home their mother told them that they were gonna eat out .
and <> they she asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted either a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Raymond knew what he wanted .
and so he said he wanted a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake and fries .
and Lisa finally decided that she wanted a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate ice cream .
and their mom wanted a salad .
and when the clerk rung it all up and they said it was twelve fifty .
and when their mom reached back for her purse it wasn't there .
so +...
and that's it .
one day Matthew was getting up one morning .
and his alarm clock went off .
and instead of getting it he hit his head on the desk .
he was trying to get ready fast and eat .
but he saw the clock .
and he knew that he was running behind .
he knew he hadta hurry up .
and he thought he might miss the bus .
and when +...
he was right .
he did miss the bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher said that he was late .
and he got in trouble .
one <> saturday mike and Julie were heading to the park for a nice game of croquet .
and when they got there instead of playing croquet they saw a spaceship landing and aliens coming off the the ship .
mike thought the aliens were bad .
but Julie thought they would be really friendly .
they had a whole family .
they had a dad a mom a sister a brother .
and they even had a dog .
and mike decided to stay behind the bush while Julie was going to go meet them .
and when Julie went to meet them they saw her .
and they said hello .
and Julie was surprised that they could speak english even though they were from another planet .
she asked them what planet they were from .
and they said they were from the planet mars .
and and when Julie and mike were leaving they asked if they could come with them .
and now they live as friends in the same house .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom asked them where they wanted to go to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what to order .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
she had a cheeseburger french_fries a large coke and a chocolate milkshake .
the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when Lisa's mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
Raymond wakes up in the morning .
and his alarm clock didn't go off when it was sposta .
when he woke up he went downstairs to have some breakfast .
and he was looking at the clock while he was pouring his milk .
and his milk accidently overflowed his bowl .
and after he had breakfast he went to put his shoes on .
and one of his shoelaces broke .
when he was finally ready he was walking outside to catch the school bus .
but the bus had driven away without the boy .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he walked to school his teacher said you're late .
one day Lauren and Ryan were going to the park to have a picnic and play .
when they got there they saw a big alien spaceship .
and there were lots of aliens walking out of it to have their own picnic .
and Lauren wanted to go say hi to them .
but Ryan was saying no don't because they might hurt us .
they decided not to .
and they they also decided to go home and tell their parents .
when they got there all the aliens were having the time of their lives .
when they saw them having the time of their life the children were wondering if they really were aliens or just people dressed up as aliens .
and after they had gotten there they were talking to one of the aliens .
and all of a sudden there was this big flash .
and all the aliens were gone .
and so was the ship .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom said we're going out for dinner tonight and asked where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't make up her mind and decide on what she wanted to eat .
both Raymond and the mother knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french_fries and a vanilla shake .
the mother ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it <> came out to twelve fifty .
and when the mother went to get her purse it wasn't there .
she realized she had left it on the counter at home .
he is getting out of bed because he's gonna be late for school .
and then he's too busy watching the clock to look at where he is pouring the milk and cereal .
and then he is tying his shoe .
and the shoelace broke off .
and then he goes to catch his bus .
but he misses it .
and then his teacher is mad at him because he's late .
two kids were playing out in the park or field .
and then all of a sudden the spaceship drops down .
and the girl didn't really notice it .
but the guy did .
I don't really wanna go towards there .
he is like stop .
and the whole alien family is walking off the spaceship .
and the little girl is walking a dog .
and the mom's holding her hand .
and the dad's carrying all the luggage .
and then the little boy is coming off the ship like wait for me .
they don't even notice the two kids that were running through the field .
she wants to go see .
but the boy is :m@c not so sure about that .
and the dog is smelling for a new area .
and it looks like a park because of the picnic table and the trees .
there were a mom a boy named Raymond and a girl named Lisa .
the mom asked if they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said yes .
and she said where .
Mcdonalds they said .
and then the mom got them in the car .
and they left .
when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order .
so she stood in line .
and then when they gotta the counter she figured out what she wanted to order .
her brother Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french_fries and a milkshake .
and Lisa wanted a chocolate milkshake a cheeseburger and french_fries .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and when he he said the total was twelve fifty the mom realized she didn't have her purse .
Nathan realized that he woke up late for school .
and he said oh no and hurried quick to get his cereal .
but he spilled the milk everywhere .
so he couldn't have time to eat it .
and then he tried to get dressed really <> fast .
but his shoelace poped off .
and then when he was finally there at the busstop he realized his bus had left without him .
and then when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
it was a very bad day .
there were a boy and a girl who were at their parent's company picnic .
they were playing hide-and-go-seek when a girl named Amanda found him .
and while she was dragging him away she noticed that they had ribs at the table .
so she ran as fast as she could not noticing the weird yellow object in the distance .
after she finished her ribs she noticed a funny looking dog walking around .
it had lots of hair on it's body and a little bit on his tail but none on his face .
when the dog started to run away she tried to follow it .
and when she followed it back she found [% counts to self] four people who weren't really people .
they looked like octopuses .
and they were carrying luggage .
she didn't know when they were ever gonna leave .
but she decided we're all people .
and she left .
the end .
Raymond and Lisa +...
the mom came home and Raymond and +...
and the mom said do you wanna go to Mcdonalds ?
they said sure .
they went to the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
and Raymond ordered a Big_Mac fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally decided .
and she ordered a happy meal cheeseburger and fries with a chocolate icecream .
and the cash register said that will be twelve fifty .
then the mom reached into her purse .
she remembered that she left her wallet on the kitchen counter .
one morning a little boy named Jim woke up .
and he woke up .
he fell asleep later .
he didn't wake up at his alarm clock .
and then he decided to go eat breakfast .
he was such in a rush .
he spilled everything .
and then he tried to go put on his clothes .
but his shoelace broke .
and then once he got finished the school bus already left .
he hadta walk to school .
his teacher said you're late .
and he got in trouble .
once lily and peter were walking in the park .
they started to walk toward the picnic table to have a picnic .
but when they went to the picnic table they they saw when they were hiding behind the bush a ship land .
and then they saw aliens come out .
and they were they +...
lily liked them .
peter was scared .
he made a really weird face .
and lily said let's go talk to them .
and so they went .
and they talked to the family .
they were really nice .
and they had a little dog .
Lisa Raymond and their mom were in the car .
they was going to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
they both knew what they was gonna order .
but when they got up to the the counter Raymond said I would like a cheeseburger fries and a milkshake .
and Lisa said she wanted a Big_Mac a happy meal icecream cone and a coke .
and the mom when she reach to get her purse it wasn't there .
one day a boy named Tom woke up .
and the alarm clock going off just scared him .
and he hit his head .
he went .
and he brushed his teeth .
and he washed his face .
he went to go eat breakfast .
he ate .
he ate cereal milk .
his favorite cereal was cornflakes .
he went in his room .
and he put his clothes and shoes on .
he he wore a <> red sweater with a <> orange line in the middle .
he wore blue blue jeans .
and he wore his blue and white tennis shoes .
when he put them on he tried to tie them .
and his string broke .
so he hadta cut the other string and tie it .
he went outside to catch the bus .
<> the bus left him .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he was ashamed that he got left from the bus .
and the teacher said look you're late .
and he went in .
and he sat down .
and he didn't get in trouble for the rest of the day .
once upon a time there was two two kids playing in the woods named Eric and Danielle .
they they ran through the bushes .
and they saw a alien ship .
the aliens got out .
and and Eric and Danielle were scared .
Danielle was laughing .
and Danielle told Eric stay right here don't go .
and Eric was scared .
he said no I'm going to go back home .
and Danielle was laughing .
the aliens got out .
they had a dog .
and there was a little boy .
and there was a mom and a dad .
the dad was carrying the packages .
and the the little boy had the dog .
the dog looked looked like a sheep .
Danielle started laughing .
Danielle said let me go speak to them .
but when she heard them talk they spoke a different language .
Eric got scared .
he said no lets go .
and Danielle said no hold on .
and she went up there with the aliens .
and she got scared .
she didn't know what was gonna happen .
so she ran back with Eric .
the aliens wore funny clothes that didn't match .
they had blue dots on their purple legs .
and they had long arms .
one night Raymond and Lisa's mother asked where do you wanna go to dinner .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
[% child whispers] they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and Rita their mom already knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with vanilla shake .
and their mother ordered ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind and ordered a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a large coke .
then the <> store clerk told them that was twelve ninety five .
then then the mom realized that she forgot her purse at home .
then you asked me all those questions .
jack slept in and looked at his clock .
he was astonished .
he was so tired that he poured milk all over the place when he tried to pour his cereal .
he looked at the clock .
it was almost time to go to school .
when he got dressed his shoelaces fell out .
he was very mad .
then he missed the bus to school .
he hadta walk to school because it took a very long time .
the teacher scolded him for being late .
and he got a tardy slip .
the end .
Daniel and Mary were playing in the park .
and they saw this giant yellow <> sphere shaped thing come down .
they hid behind the bush .
then it opened .
it had strange markings all over it .
then weird people came out of it .
they looked like aliens because they were aliens .
they didn't look exactly like us but they wore the same clothes and had a dog .
they had purple spots all over them .
they were astonished .
Mary wanted to touch them and wanted to take Daniel with her .
but Daniel didn't wanna go .
so they just stared and stared and stared .
and they divided into two and kept on dividing until they controled the world .
and all the people died in the world .
the end .
Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to go to eat out that night .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not make up her mind on what she wanted to get .
but but Raymond and the mom both knew what they wanted to get .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french fries and a coke .
and the mom wanted a salad .
and Raymond also got a chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa Lisa couldn't make up her mind at first .
but then she decided to get a happy meal and icecream .
well the mom looked in her pocket to see if she had enough money to buy it .
and she didn't because they left the money at home .
and that was the end .
James woke up one morning .
and he was very tired .
he spilled his milk on his arm and all over the table when he tried to get cereal .
and he tripped and hadta tie his shoe .
he was having a bad day .
when he was waiting for the school bus it passed him .
and he was late for school .
he got into class .
and and for the end of the day he had a good day .
the kids bill and Jane were playing tag outside .
and they heard a low squeaking noise .
they looked up .
and they saw an alien ship landing .
steam came from the engines .
Jane really wanted to see the spaceship .
but the boy warned him not to go .
she ran and saw the the aliens .
and they tried to attack her .
after they froze the two children they walked out and had a picnic .
when the two kids got back home they told the parents .
and the parents thought they were making it up .
so they all went to the picnic table where the aliens had been .
and the parents did not see anything .
but then they heard the low squeaky noise again .
the spaceship appeared .
and they zapped the parents .
they were all frozen except for the kids .
the kids ran home and told the police .
but no one believed them .
one day Julia and the boy their mother asked them if they were going out to eat .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped into the car .
and the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
the problem is Julia couldn't decide what she wanted a kidsmeal or a hamburger .
the boy and his mother knew that they wanted .
the boy <> told the clerk that he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake with fries .
his mother got a salad .
the clerk told them that the the cost of it would be twelve oh [: zero] two .
when their mother reached down to get her purse it wasn't there .
one day a boy woke up .
and he was tired .
and he couldn't do anything because he was so tired .
and when he tried to put on his shoe his shoelace ripped .
and he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late .
and he was late for class .
one day there was a girl named Brittney and a boy named Tom .
one day they were out in the woods playing Hide_And_Go_Seek with some of their friends .
suddenly they saw a big ship .
it <> looked like a ship in the air .
but when it landed they saw millions of weird looking people and a very weird looking dog .
so they ran as quickly as they can and back home through the trail and up the hill .
one day Raymond and Lisa came home .
and then their mom said we're going out to a restaurant tonight .
what place do you wanna go to ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so when they're there their mom says what do you wanna order Lisa ?
then Raymond said a cheeseburger a drink and a vanilla sundae .
and then her mom said what do you wanna order Lisa ?
and Lisa said a happy meal and a drink and a chocolate shake .
and then the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
so then their mom reached down to get her purse .
but then it was not there .
and she just remembered that it was back on the kitchen counter .
this boy wakes up .
and he pours milk inside his bowl .
but he spills a lot .
and when he was going to school he tripped .
his shoes got untied .
and then he went down to tie it .
but then he got frustrated .
and then he snapped part of it .
and then when he was going to the school bus the school bus left because he was late .
so then he hadta walk to school .
and when he was at school he got a tardy .
and he was late .
okay .
um I don't really know any names .
Michelle and Daniel .
I mean okay .
they were walking in the park when they heard the loud noise .
and they looked up in the air .
and they saw a large thing up in the air .
and then they saw it was a u_f_o .
and then the u_f_o came down .
and then they saw aliens .
and then Michelle wanted to go say hi to the aliens and stuff .
but then Daniel said no .
so then they hid behind a bush .
the aliens were having a picnic .
and then when the aliens went back inside their ship and left they ran out .
and they were all amazed what happened .
so then they went to other people and saying what they saw .
but they never believed them .
so then they just went home .
and they tried to tell their mom .
but then their mom and dad didn't believe it .
so they just went back to bed .
yeah .
well then at night Daniel and Michelle saw a large light that went through the sky .
and they probably thought it was a u_f_o again .
one tuesday after school Lisa and Raymond were in the car .
when they got home her mother said we're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
when they they talked about what they were gonna get .
but Lisa wasn't sure what she wanted .
when they got there they told their order .
Raymond ordered a double cheeseburger with a vanilla shake and fries .
her mother ordered a salad .
<> Lisa finally made a decision .
she was gonna get a happy meal with coke and chocolate shake .
the clerk said that will cost twelve dollars and sixty eight cents .
her mother reached down to get her purse .
and she realized it wasn't there .
then she remembered she left it on the counter at home .
what should she do ?
on tuesday morning Tim's alarm clock didn't go off .
and he woke up suddenly .
so he went downstairs and was about to eat breakfast when he spilled the milk when he was looking at the clock .
then he decided that he shouldn't have breakfast .
so he rushed into the tv room and tried to tie his shoes .
but his lace broke .
<> so he got his backpack on and ran outside .
but the school bus left .
so he just walked to school and told his teacher what happened .
one friday after school (6.) bill and Rachel went to the park to play .
they were having a fun game until they heard a strange sound .
they looked up in the sky and saw a flying saucer .
they both screamed .
the flying saucer came down .
and a family of aliens came .
they were very scared .
so they ran to their parent's house and told them about it .
the parents did not believe them but followed them .
when they got there they couldn't see anything .
the parents said don't ever lie like that again .
and the flying saucer was never seen again .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and mother said how about going out to eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and she went to the closest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and Raymond got a cheeseburger a french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
xxx xxx xxx .
Lisa made up her mind and xxx a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate cone .
and then the clerk said it'd be twelve ninety seven .
and when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter .
xxx xxx xxx .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
and the boy's name was Raymond .
he woke up this morning .
and he never set his clock .
he's gonna be pretty late probably if he didn't hurry .
but he tried to hurry .
he ran to the kitchen to eat breakfast .
he poured the milk while looking at the clock .
and all the milk spilled and became a whole mess .
he got his clothes on .
and then when he was about to head out of the door his shoe string broke .
so they hadta get it fixed .
he missed the bus while he was running for it .
ran to school .
and the principal told him that he would hafta go back home for being late .
then he went back home and decided to set his alarm .
and the next day he got up really early .
he did everything right .
and he didn't miss the bus .
and went to school on time .
so he got xxx pluses .
and the title was Being_Late_For_School .
the title of the story will be Aliens_From_Mars .
okay once upon a time there were these two teenagers .
they look like teenagers .
and names were Joe and Katie .
and then one day they were walking together .
and while they were walking they saw a flying disk from mars .
and it landed .
and then they ducked .
and then Katie has going out to touch one .
and then Joe grabbed her and screamed no you don't know if they're poisonous or not .
and he then took Joe's arm and pulled him out there .
and then the aliens disappeared .
and then they sent lots of fire down and up .
and it made a a fire xxx .
and Joe and Katie ran .
then they went home to tell their parents about it .
and tell them we can prove that we burned up .
then when they went there it was just like it had always been .
and nothing was disturbed .
and then they weren't trusted again .
okay .
the end .
one day when &=whispers no wait +...
what are the two people's names ?
they went home from school .
their mother asked where they wanted to go out .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and their mother drove to Mcdonalds .
then they ordered .
the girl got a happy meal with a chocolate icecream .
and the boy got a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
and and their mom got a salad .
the total was twelve thirteen .
and then their mother looked for her wallet .
and then she remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
one morning Steven was sleeping .
and his bell rang .
and he woke up and saw that when he was eating breakfast that he was really late and needed to get his school clothes on .
when he was tying his shoes one of his shoelaces teared [: tore] [* m:=ed] off .
and he <> hadta get a new pair .
and then when he tried to catch his school bus the school bus left without him .
when he came to school he was tardy .
and he hadta go into his room and get a tardy slip .
one Wednesday afternoon some aliens from Nudon <> came down in their saucer .
their family +...
when they landed Andy and Clarabel were <> surprised .
and Clarabel wanted to go see the dog they had brang from outer space .
so so she tried to go .
but <> Andy wouldn't let her .
he thought it was too dangerous .
and they would use their x-ray vision to hit them .
but he couldn't hold on any longer .
and Clarabel got loose and ran over to them .
they were frightened of her .
when they ran back into their ship and floated away .
from that day on they didn't see any Martians come back down from any sky .
when the mom brought Lisa and Raymond home from school she said that they're gonna go out to dinner .
and she asked where do they wanna go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and so they go into the car .
and they drive to the closest Mcdonalds .
and when they get there Lisa she's not sure whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal but Raymond and the mom know exactly what they want .
and so Raymond orders first .
and he has a vanilla shake a cheeseburger and french fries .
and then the mom orders next .
and she says a salad .
and then Lisa she finally figures out what she wants .
and she goes up and says she wants a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone and a soda .
and then the guy said okay that will be twelve fifty .
and the mom reaches for her purse to pull out the money .
but she realizes it wasn't there .
and it was left on the kitchen counter at home .
and then the story ends .
okay do I have a title ?
okay .
well I'm just going to call it A_Bad_Day .
a boy named Jim he was going to school one day .
and he had a big project due .
he was staying up all night working on the project .
and so he was really tired .
and then so he goes to bed at twelve at night because he was working on a project .
and then he goes to sleep .
and then he wakes up the next day and realizes that he totally overslept .
and he was still tired .
so he looks at his alarm clock .
and it says eight ten .
and he realizes he hasta be on the bus by eight fifteen .
and so first he wakes up .
and he's going to get cereal for breakfast .
and he's really tired .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he pours the milk .
and he kinda holds it there .
and all the milk just flows out of the bowl and onto the table and stuff .
and so he hasta clean that up .
and then eventually he eats breakfast and gets dressed .
and then he's going to put on his shoes .
and then one of the shoelaces broke .
and that just made him more frustrated .
and then so he puts on his backpack .
and he knows he's kinda late .
but he's still gonna try to get to the bus .
and then so he runs outside .
and he sees the school bus pulling away before he has time to get on it .
so then he decides to just try to run to school .
and then he gets there .
and then he sees his teacher .
and his teacher scolds him for being late .
I'm going to call this story Visitors_From_Another_Planet .
okay .
on a planet in the galaxy far away there's a tour service where you can tour other planets .
and there's a family .
and it has a a dad .
and the dad's name is grant .
and it has a mom .
and the mom's name is Linda .
and then they also have a little daughter named +...
what's the daughter's name ?
Allison .
and then they also had a dog named Pablo [% giggles] .
and they decided that since it was spring break they wanted to take a vacation .
and they go to the the tour service information place .
and they decided they want a vacation to earth because it has oxygen just like their old planet so they could breathe .
and so they go to that tour service place .
and they go .
and they go on a flight in a flying saucer .
it takes eight hours .
and the flight was late .
so they gave them the free movie .
and the the flight lands .
and then they step off with all their luggage .
and they have the dog and the whole family .
and the tour service guy who was on the plane with them he waves to them goodbye .
and then there is two two people in the park .
and they are brother and sister .
and they were just walking through the park .
and they were just walking through the park and stuff .
and they saw the strange flying saucer .
and so the brother and sister were named Billie and Allysa .
and well they were walking through the park .
and they see the flying saucer .
so Allysa sees it first and says Billie let's go check it out .
and they go over there .
and then they see the alien family .
and Pablo the dog starts barking .
the daughter gets scared of the aliens .
she gets scared and stuff .
but the mom just says no those are just the human people that live on earth .
and then Billie and Allysa +...
Billie gets really scared .
and he tries to run away .
but Allysa's excited .
and she wants to go talk to them .
and so they do .
and Allysa talks to the family .
and they become friends .
and they exchange addresses .
and then when the alien family's vacation is done they <> go back .
and Billie and Allysa and them were penpals .
and they live happily ever after .
once upon a time the mother asked her children let's go out for dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the son ordered french fries a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a french fries chicken nuggets and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then he said that would be twelve dollars fifty cents .
and she says whoops I forgot my wallet .
I forgot the money at home .
so and you said what should they do ?
they should ask the clerk can you hold that stuff while I go back home and get my wallet ?
so after that the clerk says sure .
and then the mom gets her wallet .
she comes back to Mcdonalds .
she says here's the money .
and then that's all .
and the questions were what was the boy's name ?
and I forget .
um the girl's name was Lisa .
and the person who was with them was their mom .
um and they they where did they go for dinner ?
Mcdonalds .
um what what happened in the story ?
they forgot their the mom forgot her wallet .
and you told me to retell the story .
once upon a time there was a boy .
and when he woke up he was late for school .
and he didn't feel that well .
so when he started making breakfast he looked at the clock .
but he kept spilling stuff and making a mess because he was worried he was gonna be late for school .
and when he was on the sidewalk he forgot to tie his shoes .
and after he was trying to tie his other shoe the lace ripped off .
so he got really furious .
and then after when he was waiting at the bus stop right when he got there the bus left .
and he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then finally when he was at school he was late .
and the teacher was disappointed .
one day a boy named Andrew and a girl named Susie went walking to a bench to look at the sunset .
and then they heard a strange mysterious noise going dun@c dun@c dun@c dun@c .
so they took a little peek .
and they saw aliens with a ton of legs .
and Susie said I wanna go say hi to them .
they look friendly .
but Andrew said no don't do it .
they could be evil .
they could just be fooling you because they know we're here .
and then Susie said don't be such a spoilsport .
look that little one's waving to us .
and they have a doggie sort of .
so Andrew said okay but if you're wrong we're gonna be in big trouble .
so they went to the aliens .
the aliens said hi what's your name ?
Susie said my name's Susie .
Andrew said [% in quivering voice] my name's Andrew .
and there was four aliens .
one was <> tall .
one was short .
and two were little .
so they thought this is kind of fun .
and they said hey you wanna meet again sometime because it's getting late .
they said sure we always meet here .
and then said okay .
same time ?
okay .
so the next day they went back and said where are they ?
and they said to their parents we saw some aliens yesterday .
and their father said that's probably not true because aliens don't really exist .
and then Andrew said maybe they do maybe they don't .
and then Susie said I wish they would come back .
or maybe it was just a dream .
[% clears throat] mother asked the children which restaurant would they wanted to go .
and they yelled out Mcdonalds .
and the boy asked for a cheeseburger fries and &*INV:mhm a chocolate shake .
and mom knew what she wanted too a salad .
and and the little girl she had a Big_Mac fries and a strawberry <> icecream cone .
is this all recording ?
0 .
the mother left her money on the kitchen .
Jill waked up .
as he looked at the clock he said oh_my_gosh .
look at the time .
I needta go to school and get ready .
then he looked at the <> clock .
he was late .
he said I needta hurry because I don't wanna miss the bus .
then he put on his clothes .
and then he ties his shoes .
he said oh no !
my shoelace broke .
how am I going to fix it on time ?
then when he came to the busstop the bus left .
he said wait wait !
but the bus did not hear him .
so he hadta walk to school .
his teacher said jack jack you are late for school .
well sorry .
I woke up late .
I ate breakfast .
and I ate late .
and my shoelace tied .
and I missed the bus .
jack and Jill they saw something up in the sky .
and something land down .
it was a spaceship said Jill .
those are aliens .
no those are just people on masks and suits .
no no no don't go over there said <> jack .
the little boy said they was talking funny .
and she said , come on , .
it's just people in suits .
please can we go over there ?
no no we hafta tell our parents .
no they'll never believe us .
well they are just people in suits .
and then she came over there and said hi .
and they shook her hand .
and they were kindly .
sooner or later jack jack went over to his house and told his parents there's aliens at the house .
there's aliens at the park .
they're everywhere on the park .
they're shaking Jill's hand .
and then the mother and father say oh nonsense .
and then soon he told them come on I'll show you .
then the spaceship left .
and then <> the only thing was there was just Jill .
and the mother and father said see it's just your sister .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mother asked them where do you wanna go eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Raymond knew what he want .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
<> Raymond ordered .
he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she told the clerk she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone with some fries .
and the the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and eight cents .
so the mom reached xxx get her purse .
and her purse was gone .
momma realized that she had just left the purse at the home on the counter .
<> Johnathon woke up .
it was already eight oh two .
he said he was gonna be late .
so he decided to go on up and get some breakfast .
as he pour himself some milk +...
and then the milk started spilling all over the place .
and he he hadta just skip that .
so then he went to go tie his shoe .
shoelaces broke .
so he hadta get a different pair of shoes on .
so he ran outside to see if the bus was there .
and it left him there .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
so when he got there the teacher said he was late .
he told her what happened .
Eric and Joanne were at the park one day .
they were playing and running around .
then they saw a big yellow u_f_o flying around .
they thought it was a xxx .
but it wasn't .
they hid behind bushes .
it landed .
strange looking people came out .
Joanna tried to run out .
Joanna ran out pulling Eric and met the aliens .
she was brave .
but once they met them they were very vicious creatures .
so the aliens started to chase them around and around .
but once the aliens got tired they finally got away .
they went over it thinking a little plan .
Joanne said I wanna go meet xxx .
and Eric said I don't know pepper .
so they shot pepper to themselves .
so they ran over there and then <> right in front of them .
and then one yelled oow@c peppers .
and then they started eating all the pepper off until they got really really large .
the first alien blew up .
and pepper sprayed all over the place .
so did the second one .
the dog ran off .
they caught him and put him in the pound .
no one adopted him .
the end .
that's my story .
Lisa and Raymond are brother and sister .
they were going out to eat .
their mother asked them where do you wanna go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they <> got in the car and went <> to Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not decide between a happy meal and [>] alright .
Lisa's mother and Raymond both knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake .
their mother wanted a salad .
Lisa could not decide .
until finally she decided she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that would be twelve fifty .
then their mother remembered she forgot her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
then you asked me what should I do they do next .
once there was a kid named James .
he was in bed sleeping until his alarm clock went off .
he saw that he was accidently late for school .
he forgot that he set it for ten o'clock when he was sposta get to school at nine o'clock .
he hadta hurry up and get downstairs .
poured a glass of milk but he overflowed it .
and his cereal was overflowed with it .
then he hadta redo his cereal and ate it and got dressed as fast as he could .
then when he hadta sit at the busstop his shoelace got broken .
he hadta go back inside get some tape tape it all the way back together .
then the school bus passed .
he ran and ran for it until he finally gotta school .
the teacher was furious at what time it was and how late he had gotten to school .
he told her the whole bare facts .
and then his teacher said well it's not your fault .
guess it was just a bad day .
the end .
[<] that's it .
once there were two kids named Tom and Jamie .
one day they were walking , siting on a bench in the park .
then they heard something behind the bushes .
they went over to see what it was .
it was a family of human hungry aliens .
Jamie wanted to see what they would do .
but you see Tom told Jamie not to go over there .
but Jamie grabbed Tom's hand .
the aliens almost saw them .
but Jamie thought it was a better idea what Tom had .
they went to their parents and told them the bare facts .
they went back but the alien ship was gone .
so then to this day the parents and the kids don't know what went on that day if it was just an illusion or if it was real .
Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they both chanted out Mcdonalds .
so then they went there .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
um what's that kids name ?
Raymond was it ?
Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a vanilla shake and a shoot I forgot what they ordered to drink +...
well I forgot what he was gonna +...
his mom wanted salad .
and Lisa she said to the clerk and said I'll have a happy meal happy meal with a coke to drink and a chocolate icecream cone .
it all <> totaled up to twelve fifty .
but they forgot the money at home .
I didn't tell it correct .
[<] I forgot they looked for the purse .
and then it wasn't there .
once there was a kid name Andrew .
he woke up late for bed .
and he felt dizzy because his alarm clock didn't go off .
and then he was distracted at the clock .
when he was pouring his milk he spilled all over .
when he was tying his shoes the shoelace snapped .
and when he went to school he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk there for ten miles .
and mud splashed on him just a bit .
and then when he went to school his teacher told him that he was tardy .
so he got a tardy slip .
and he went to detention <> for ten hours .
on February nineteenth two thousand and two aliens abducted the planet .
and two kids named Andrew and Michelle saw them .
Michelle wanted to um +...
and they saw their weird alien dog .
<> and she wanted to go pet him .
but Andrew didn't let her go .
and then they went .
and then they saw another one coming out .
and so then they went home to tell their parents that they saw aliens .
they went back after that .
and the aliens weren't there .
neither was the ship .
and the aliens turned out to be their parents because the aliens already abducted the parents .
so then +...
but it wasn't really aliens .
it was just their parents .
and their sister dressed up like them in a costume just kidding .
that was bad .
hm: .
and then two years later real aliens came and abducted them .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mother came home .
their mother asked them that they were going out to eat .
she asked them where they wanted to go out to eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
and their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether she wanted to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
her mom ordered a salad .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a medium vanilla milkshake .
Lisa finally made up her mind that she wanted a happy meal .
she told the clerk that she would have a happy meal with fries and a strawberry vanilla icecream cone .
the clerk said that it will be twelve dollars and eighty nine cents .
when Lisa and Raymond's mother reached into her purse it was not there .
she just remembered that she had left her purse at home .
what should they do ?
a boy wakes up and looks at the clock and says oh no I'm gonna be late for school .
he goes downstairs and gets cereal ready .
but he makes a big mess because all the time he's watching the clock .
when he's tying his shoes to get ready for school he accidently tears off one of the shoelaces .
when he finally gets his shoelaces tied and goes outside for the school bus the school bus is leaving without him .
when he finally gets to school after a long and tiring walk his teacher points to her watch and says you're late .
and so he walks inside and gets ready .
the end .
a boy and a girl go to the park and have a picnic .
<> a few minutes later they see an alien spaceship landing there and then taking off .
they scream and are trying to run away when <> they find a family of aliens that come out of the ship .
the girl wants to go over there to meet them .
but the boy says no .
when the girl tries and tugs him over there the boy says no again and tries to stop her .
and that's really all there is there .
no .
well there were these kids that were at school .
and they came home .
and their mom told them that they were gonna go out to eat tonight .
and she asked them where they'd like to go .
and they both screamed Mcdonalds .
so their drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know if she wanted a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and the brother and the mom knew what they wanted .
and I don't know what the mom got .
and the brother he got a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and the sister ended up getting a happy meal with a just chocolate milkshake &*INV:mhm with a regular cone [>] fries .
and when that was done the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom looked for the money .
she couldn't find it because she left it on the kitchen counter at their house .
he got out of bed .
he had some trouble got out of +...
he tried to make breakfast tried to have some cereal .
but he realized he was late .
so maybe he (5.) skipped breakfast .
and then he went to school .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
he was trying to go to school .
and he thought to tie his shoe .
and the lace fell off .
and then the school bus came by .
and he got up .
but it kept on going .
and he couldn't catch the bus .
and then when he came home the teacher came to school with him .
the teacher was upset because he was late .
there was +...
are those octopuses ?
okay .
they are aliens .
and they came down from space .
and they landed .
and they came out with all their luggage .
and they had a weird looking dog .
and there were these people .
and they were walking by .
and they saw them .
and they were scared .
so they went back .
and there's four alien people .
and there's a dog .
I have a short span memory .
one day when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were going out to eat .
and she asked where they wanted to eat .
and Lisa and <> Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother <> both <> knew what they wanted .
when they went up to the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind and got a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the cashier said it was twelve dollars and some cents .
and then their mom just realized that she had left her purse at home on the counter .
what should they do ?
there was this one boy that got up late made breakfast and made a mess and then <> hadta clean it up but that took more time than he thought .
then his shoelaces broke .
and he had a lot of time hadta find a new lace .
and then when he got outside the bus was just leaving while he got out .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and the principal was waiting outside for him and telling him he was late .
once there was this alien family .
they wanted to come to earth for a vacation .
so they did .
when they got there two kids behind a bush saw them .
and one of them wanted to go see them .
but the other one wouldn't let her .
and so they ended up not going .
and the alien family had a father a mother a daughter and a dog .
and instead of coming in an airplane they came in a spaceship .
and when one of the kids convinced the other one <> it was a bad idea they went home and didn't go back .
their mother asked Lisa and Raymond where they wanted to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and when they walked in they couldn't decide what they wanted .
and Raymond wanted um I forgot +...
but Lisa wanted happy meal coke and chocolate icecream .
and when it came to the total they didn't have their purse .
and that's all .
a boy named Zach got out of bed and was tired .
and he didn't wanna get up .
and he tried to make breakfast .
and he made a mess .
and when he tried to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and he got mad .
and when he got his shoelace tied he told his mom goodbye and went outside for the bus .
and it was already driving away .
and he started running towards the bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher was mad because he was late .
a kid saw a spaceship land by the park .
and aliens came out .
and the girl wanted to run towards them .
but the boy stopped her from running .
and the aliens were happy that they were to earth .
and the person in the spaceship was waving goodbye to them .
and that's all I can think of .
[<] Lisa and Raymond came home .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go &*INV:mhm out to dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa was still thinking whether whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
I couldn't think of the name .
[ a happy meal and whatever they're called with a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom wanted a Big_Mac with +...
but then I don't think it said what drink .
Lisa had a Doctor_Pepper I think yeah .
and the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and their mom reach for her purse and notice that it wasn't there and remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
that's about the best I can say .
okay .
Josh woke up in the morning for a very bad start .
his alarm clock didn't go off .
and he was already late for school .
he went downstairs to make some cereal for him to eat .
he had applejacks .
and he poured in the cereal too much .
and then he spilled a lot a milk all over .
and then Josh went upstairs to get dressed .
and he couldn't tie his shoe .
and then finally he pulled so hard that the shoelace just came off .
he thought it was gonna be the worst day he ever had .
so he started walking outside and noticed the school bus just left .
and he <> started chasing after it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and he didn't feel very good about that .
and he walked all the way to school .
and as he came into school his teacher was waiting by the door .
his teacher her name was Ms_postin .
and she was really mad .
and he hadta go get a tardy slip .
obviously that was the worst day of his life .
on tuesday john and Ashley were playing in the park when they heard noises from above .
they ran behind the bush because they didn't know what it was .
all of a sudden this giant ship came down and landed .
out came five things .
one was some kind of alien pet .
one looked like a little sister another the mom another the dad and another the son .
and they all looked really weird .
and each of them had eight little tentacles sticking out where their legs would be and blue or green dots on their forehead .
Ashley was excited .
she tried to run out .
but john grabbed her arm .
don't do it .
she said forget it .
and she ran out .
the people didn't seem to be as nice as they thought they were .
instead they took Ashley and took them back to their planet Saturn .
I can't really think of anything .
the end .
once there were two little kids that wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and tuesday .
and they the girl said they wanted to eat at [>] .
and then their mother took them .
they jumped into the car .
and they went .
and when they were going in Lisa didn't know what to pick uh +...
she didn't know what to pick happy meals or Big_Mac .
and then they went into the restaurant .
Rogers picked a salad &*INV:mhm and a hamburger .
[>] Lisa asked for a Big_Mac and a chocolate cone .
icecream cone .
xxx .
and then the woman said it was twelve ninety five .
and then the woman forgot her money at home .
that's all .
there once was a boy that +...
he got up .
he was going to go to school .
he woke up so late .
and then he was worried he would get late school .
and <> he looked at the watch .
by doing that he threw things on the floor like milk with cereals .
then he tried to touch his shoelaces when he didn't know how to .
then he was packing up to school .
and then he was right there .
<> he was running .
and the bus left him .
then he came four hours late .
and the teacher told him that was so bad .
we hafta call your dad and mom .
there once was two boys named Daniel and Michelle .
they wanted to do a projects of aliens .
and then they didn't know <> because aliens were like +...
they went looking .
they wanted to study about them .
and Daniel wanted to study about tigers .
and Michelle wanted to study about aliens .
so they did Rock_Paper_Scissors_Shoot .
and Michelle won .
and then they went .
and Daniel was afraid .
but Lisa wasn't .
can I change her name to Lisa ?
then Lisa +...
they saw some aliens .
and then Lisa was running to see them .
but Daniel got her and didn't go .
but then Lisa was older and stronger .
she went .
and then she said hello <> little aliens .
xxx .
the aliens went back in the airplane they came in .
I don't know .
and then they went up in the sky .
and they never saw them again .
then they hadta do tigers .
the end .
they came home from school and xxx after their mom told them tonight we're going out to eat .
am I correct ?
what is this ?
and then they went out to eat .
and [>] +/.
at Mcdonalds .
and after the boy asked for fries a milkshake and a coke .
and after the mom asked for +...
I forgot .
and the girl asked for a happy meal &*INV:mhm a vanilla shake and and a coke .
the mom forgot her purse at the top &*INV:mhm of the house .
he woke up from bed .
he went to the kitchen to get some cereal .
he tied his shoe .
and the shoelace ripped off .
the bus left him .
and he was running to it .
but he couldn't catch up .
and he got late to school .
and the teacher said you hafta get a note from being late from school .
they saw chinese aliens coming to the world .
the boy grabs her hand .
he said stop !
and the girl was laughing .
and she was going to go see them .
and the lady that was a alien raised her hand .
and the other aliens in the spaceship he said bye .
that's it .
well the boy and the girl Norman and Lisa came home from school .
and they went up to their room .
and their mom told them that they were gonna to go out .
and she asked them what place did they wanted to go to eat .
and they yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they rushed to the car and hoped in and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds store .
and Norman and their mom made up their minds except Lisa .
and so Lisa made up their mind .
and Norman chose or asked for a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mom asked for salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
and she choose a cheeseburger french fries and a chocolate cone .
and the catering person said that would be twelve dollars .
and their mother reached for her purse .
and she noticed that it wasn't there .
[^ (4.)] the end .
one morning bob woke up .
and it was twenty after seven .
and he was running late for school .
and he started pouring a bowl of cereal .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled some milk .
so he started to clean it up .
and then he said I just can't have breakfast this morning .
and he went and got dressed .
he accidentally tore his shoelace .
so he got some tape and taped it .
when he got his backpack and ran to the <> schoolbus stop he missed the schoolbus .
so he hadta run all the way to school .
her teacher got mad at him because he was late .
she was wondering if he would come I mean .
the end .
one morning David and Lisa went to go play in the park .
they started playing baseball .
and then a martian saucer came down .
and they saw it and dropped their bat and glove and baseball .
and they started running .
David said no Lisa don't go back there .
and they saw the Martians .
the little baby martian <> was petting the dog .
the father martian said let's camp out here .
the daughter martian that was seventeen said I'll be out in a minute .
she was listening to the Martian boys &=laughs .
then David and Lisa ran back home and told their parents what had happened .
their mom and dad went back with them .
they saw the Martians again .
they went to call the police .
the police came .
and they did not see the Martians no more .
and they said that they would give them off with a warrant for lying to the police .
they said okay .
and David and Lisa got grounded for a month .
the end .
the kids came from school .
and when they came inside their mom said that they were gonna <> go out for dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go for dinner .
and they they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the kids got in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and while they were waiting to order the girl didn't know if she wanted to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but their mom and the brother already knew what they wanted to get .
when they got in line the sister finally decided what she wanted .
the <> brother ordered a chocolate shake a happy meal and a diet Coke .
their mom <> ordered a salad .
and the sister ordered a diet Coke a chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and they told the clerk what they wanted .
and then the clerk said that <> they <> would hafta pay twelve ninety nine .
and their mom looked for her purse and and remembered that she had left it on the <> kitchen table .
one day mike was was sleeping in bed .
at seven thirty he woke up and looked at his clock .
uhoh he thought .
he was late .
he went downstairs and poured <> his milk for <> his cereal and made a big mess because he was looking at the clock .
after he ate he went to his room and got dressed .
then he went downstairs and started tying his shoes .
but one of the laces broke .
:@c he thought .
finally he got his shoes tied and and packed his bookbag and went and ran to the busstop .
but the bus was already leaving .
<> oh no he thought .
so instead of riding the bus he started running to school .
so he wouldn't be late .
when he got there his teacher was standing outside the door and said that he was late .
okay .
one day David and Samantha were out in the park and and were <> searching and looking around to <> see if they could find any squirrels when an alien spacecraft <> landed in the park .
the hatch opened .
and three aliens came out with an alienlike pet .
Samantha wanted to go say hi to them .
but David David said they shouldn't .
Samantha pulled David out .
<> and Samantha said hi to them waved to them .
the aliens all all screamed and ran back into the <> space shuttle .
they they ran to the the <> person that read them here [% child says read for led] and told them the blast <> back off to go back to mars .
Michelle tried to grab on to the <> spaceship and take a piece of it off so so that she would have proof that really happened .
<> David tried to pull her back down so when the spaceship blasted off she wouldn't be carried with it .
<> David pulled her down .
and she fell on to the grass .
and the spaceship blasted off .
David and Samantha didn't believe what they had seen but went home and told their parents what had happened and lead them back to the place where they had seen it .
there were pieces of ash in the grass where <> the spaceship had been .
nobody knew it had been true .
the end .
okay on tuesday after school Lisa and Raymond's mom said they were going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
<> Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
okay so Lisa and Raymond's mom hauled them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and as they walked into the <> restaurant Lisa didn't know what she wanted xxx .
mom and Raymond already knew what they were gonna have .
okay Raymond said he'll have a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
mom was just gonna have a salad .
and Lisa had a happy meal with a soda and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said that it all adds up to twelve fifty .
his mom reached out for her purse it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she had left it on the kitchen counter .
no .
one morning I'm guessing this guy oh wait +...
I'm gonna call this story Late_For_School .
one morning Sam woke up very late because his alarm clock didn't go off .
he was rushing his breakfast .
and when he tried to tie his shoes one of his laces broke so he hadta tuck his laces into his shoes .
next picture .
then Sam didn't make it to the bus because he was so late .
then when he gotta school his teacher was very disappointed because he was running late .
so the day went on normal except for Sam because he just didn't feel right because he rushed his breakfast and kept on hurrying .
and the end .
that's all I can remember .
I did one with these pictures .
this one was when he broke his shoelace .
this one he was rushing his breakfast .
this one found out that he was late for school .
that one was the one when he was running late .
and he he didn't catch the bus on time .
[^ tape cuts out] when the teacher was very disappointed .
and then when he was late to school .
okay one day Tim and Jan were out .
and then they heard a strange rumbling noise behind those bushes in the forest when they were playing .
and then when they looked over they saw a <> big spaceship .
and then out came aliens .
they were from the planet Jinga &=laughs I'm guessing .
and there were about three people who actually came out of the ship .
there was a father a mother and a little kid .
and they had a dog too that looked very strange .
and Jan she loved aliens so she ran out to study .
but then Tim stopped her .
he said no don't go .
how do you know these aliens are friendly ?
what if they're trying to take over the world ?
don't be silly Tim .
those aliens probably just people dressed up in in costumes and doing a movie .
no Jan these aliens really could be real aliens trying to take over the world .
don't be silly there's nothing wrong with them .
I mean they look pretty nice and even though they have nine legs .
still we shouldn't go and do it .
still we shouldn't go see them .
we should go tell mom and dad .
so they ran home to go tell mom and dad .
and when they got there only the children saw the aliens .
mother and father didn't see anything but just people .
and a big giant truck .
then to them oh +...
so Tim and Jan still wondered if they were still real or only they could see them .
uh is that longer than yours ?
okay .
on on tuesday when Raymond and Lisa came home their mama asked them where do you wanna eat eat tonight ?
then then they yelled Mcdonalds !
and they went to Mcdonalds that night .
and and Raymond and Lisa <> ordered what they wanted .
and then the mom forgot the money at the house .
and she didn't think of anything &*INV:mhm xxx .
<> once on a sunny morning a boy got got up from bed .
when he ate breakfast he poured milk into the bowl with cereal .
and he spilled milk on the counter too .
when he tied his shoe the shoelace broke off .
when he went outside [% sniffles] and he was ready to go to school he was late for the school school bus .
and he missed it .
when he arrived to his school he was late .
he was late to his <> classroom .
once on a cold cold windy day there there was a boy and girl .
the boy was named Brett .
and the girl was named Stephanie .
suddenly they found out that a saucer came from the sky and landed to the ground .
they did not know what would happen .
suddenly some weird aliens started coming out .
and and Brett was <> scared that something might happen .
the aliens looked like they were going going to move here and stay stay here for the rest of their lifes [: lives] because there are aliens with suitcases bags and um +...
and the the baby alien has a weird cat .
Stephanie wanted to see if they can meet the <> aliens and tell them their names .
but Brett was too scared that the aliens might <> sting them or bite them .
okay .
one day Lisa and Raymond +...
six I don't know .
twelve I forget that part .
they went to Mcdonalds with their mother .
three there's some of it I remember .
okay .
one day Lisa and Raymond were at home .
and their mom came home and asked them do you wanna go out to eat tonight ?
and she asked them again where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
<> then they went to Mcdonalds .
and <> Lisa wondered if she should get a whoppers or something and a happy meal .
and her mom got a salad .
and Raymond got french fries a vanilla shake and maybe some chicken nuggets maybe or something .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and said to the clerk I'll have a happy meal with a coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and (3.) maybe ninety nine cents .
and then when her mother looked to see if it was there it wasn't .
and she remembered that she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
okay .
one day a boy named john woke up .
he woke up late for school .
so he hadta work fast to get ready for school .
then once he was pouring his milk for his cereal he was so late that he looked up at the clock .
he poured the milk .
and it was <> spilling .
two after he got his clothes on he was tying his shoes .
and his lace broke .
then once he got outside to wait for the bus the bus was already leaving .
three and he try to get the bus driver's attention .
but she didn't .
then when he gotta school his teacher said that he was late .
and he told the teacher that he had a bad morning .
okay .
one day Josh and Lori went out to the park .
when they got there they played some games .
then they hid +...
they heard something coming from the air .
and they hid behind a bush .
then they saw this ship land at the ground .
and they saw these aliens or octopuses coming out of the ship with a a goofy pet .
three Lori really wanted to meet them and <> see what they would do .
but but um (3.) Josh didn't wanna .
he thought they would zap them with their laser beam .
but Michelle went over there anyway and said hello .
and then they talked for a while .
and they became friends .
one day Lisa and Raymond asked their mom to go out .
and they said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa didn't know if she should get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and his mom wanted +...
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger .
and his mom wanted +...
actually Raymond wanted a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and his mom wanted a salad .
but when they were getting ready to pay she she realized that she left her purse at home .
one day Josh woke up .
and and he set his alarm clock wrong .
he tried to pour his cereal as fast as he could and eat it really fast .
but the milk spilled .
and he hadta eat it quick .
so he tied his shoe .
and it broke .
and then he hadta try to tie with a shorter string .
then when he tied it the school bus already left .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and then when he gotta school his teacher told him that he was late for school .
and he said I'm sorry and that I hadta go through a lot of trouble this morning .
one day an alien family traveled on their <> ship to earth .
they took their alien dog and and opened the door .
and they took off .
and they opened the +...
and then they landed on earth .
and then they opened the door .
and the father +...
and then they walked out .
then the father of +...
and then Lindsay Lindsay thought the aliens were cool .
so she was going to go to take a closer look at the aliens .
so she was dragging her dad .
but her dad said don't go .
and then the aliens found a place to live .
and then they lived there .
the end .
the <> mother and the children &*INV:mhm were going to Mcdonalds .
yeah .
um I forgot the boy's .
but I know the girl's name I think .
alright the girl's name was uh +...
[^ aah] I'm forgetting all about the story .
the boy's name I think was um +...
I don't know the boy's name .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
then they ordered some food .
but the mom forgot the money on the counter .
<> so +/.
[<] .
the mom ordered a salad .
and the boy ordered a <> cheeseburger &*INV:mhm with fries and a large shake .
and the girl ordered a happy meal with some fries and a large coke .
how much did it cost ?
twelve and fifty +...
twelve and fifty six cents .
then the mom looked in her purse .
and the money wasn't there .
it was on the counter .
no &*INV:no it was on the counter .
it looks like the boy was gonna get up for his school .
and he started to eat breakfast .
and he accidently spilled the milk .
then he got ready to catch the bus .
then once he go out when his backpack the bus left before he ever went out .
then he hadta walk to school .
oh then he walked into school .
then then the teacher saw them walking back in the school .
it looks like like aliens went to the planet earth .
[>] +/.
yeah .
yeah .
xxx xxx .
and they they went out of the ship .
and they walk down to see what's happening .
they're in a hotel or something .
and it look like two brothers their sister went to go see the aliens to visit them .
but the brother was keep pulling her back and back back .
and soon the sister broke out of the hand and ran to the aliens .
and the brother was chasing her after .
then the aliens saw them &*INV:mhm and started chasing them all around .
[<] they they ran home .
then they went to go tell the mom what they saw a spaceship and the brother and the baby .
and they went .
and brother said that the sister wasn't listening to her .
and when they got home the sister was punished .
Lisa and the boy [% child laughs] got home .
and their mom said we're going out to eat tonight where do you wanna go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
the boy's name +...
the boy and his mom knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the counter they the boy told he wanted a cheeseburger fries and a chocolate shake .
and Lisa told him that she wanted a cheeseburger fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk told them it was twelve twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
what should they do ?
my alarm must have not gone off said Derek .
[% ugh] he went downstairs .
and while he was pouring the milk he spilled the milk .
his mom got mad at him .
and while he was getting dressed he he broke his shoelace .
I forgot the title Super_Horrible_Day .
while I was going +...
this is kinda like a retelling .
when I <> woke up my alarm hadn't gone off and it <> was almost time to go .
I I was pouring my milk really fast .
and I spilled it all over the place .
when I was tying my shoe I <> broke the half of it off .
when I was trying to catch the school bus I missed it .
when when I finally gotta school I was really late .
the end .
<> Flying_Purple_People is the name of the story .
one day Zach and Katie saw a strange object at night in the sky .
and they were watching it and seeing where it land not like following it .
and then it landed .
the next day they went to the place that they thought it landed .
they found out it was a spaceship and saw a cross between an octopus and a human and also a cross between a dog and something else .
and Katie was kinda like ooh@c let's go meet them .
Zach was no let's not .
and Zach said you can go but I'm staying here .
Katie went .
dog was very mean and didn't like them .
but the cross between octopus and human were nice .
but they were showing Katie the <> ship .
they closed the door and <> flew out here leaving the dog behind .
and the end .
it's Raymond and his and who's that girl name again I forgot ?
and his sister .
and his mom are going to a restaurant .
and they both <> shouted out Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they go into the car .
they drive there .
and they walked in .
the boy say I want a Big_Mac and french fries and a pop .
and the girl said I don't know yet .
and his mom and the boy both have the same Mac .
and that girl had just say now I know what I want .
I want a happy meal with a french fries and a hamburger .
and the momma checked in her pocket .
and it's not there .
and she leave it at the the kitchen counter .
okay I'm done .
this boy named Tim get out of the bed .
the alarm clock ringed .
and he walked into the hall and in the kitchen .
and Tim make a big big mess with the milk and the cereal .
and he cleaned it up .
and he get ready for school .
he goes outside .
the bus stopped when they saw Tim .
the bus drived off .
and after that Tom walked and walked and walked at school .
and the teacher say why you be so late Tom ?
okay I just have a rough day today .
that's all .
George and Mary went to the park and saw this weird weird thing .
and they saw these weird people come out .
and Mary wanna go out there and look at them .
said no .
George grab on to her .
and he say that's not a stranger that's a alien .
and they went home and told their mom .
and the family walked over there .
they're not there .
and they're all the way up to the sky .
this little weird house is sticking out that's pretends .
and they walked in it .
and they saw the aliens .
and that's all .
and it's January .
and the thirteenth .
end the story yeh yeh .
.
they wanted to go out and eat .
.
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they +...
the boy got a a Big_Mac .
and the mom had got a salad .
and girl got a kidsmeal .
she she got a chocolate icecream .
then she got a Doctor_Pepper .
the boy had got a vanilla shake .
and the mom forgot the money at home .
one morning this boy had woke up .
he went to go fix breakfast .
and he spilled milk everywhere .
his shoelace had broke .
he got late for the bus .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
and the principal got mad .
one day this girl went to a alien +...
she seen this alien ship land .
and she seen alien people come out the ship .
and she seen a funny looking dog .
she said bob let's go see the aliens .
bob said no .
then then the lady had came off the spaceship .
then the spaceship had left .
bob went home to explain where his sister had went .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom asked them tonight we're going out to eat .
where would you like to eat ?
they both <> shouted Mcdonalds .
<> so that night she drove them to Mcdonalds .
and they they ordered the food .
and Raymond said that he would have a cheeseburger some french fries a coke and a milkshake .
their mom said that he would have a salad .
and Lisa said that she would have a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the person said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mom reached for the purse .
then she she discovered that it wasn't there .
it was in their house on the kitchen counter .
one morning Tom woke up .
and he figured out his alarm clock was running late .
and he quickly <> poured a snack .
and he wasn't paying attention .
and he spilled the milk .
and he was <> in such a rush that one of his shoelaces came off .
then he just ran for the school bus .
and when he gotta school he was tardy .
one time there there were two kids at the park playing .
and then they saw an alien ship landing .
and then aliens came outside with with a mom a dad a child and a dog .
and then the girl wanted to get closer to them .
but then the boy held her back and telling her not to .
and that's it .
mom came back .
and she had some money .
and then she asked the kids where do they wanna go to eat ?
and both of them scream Mcdonald .
rosie didn't know if she wanted to eat happy meal or Big_Mac .
and Raymond <> had already know what he wanted to eat .
he wanted to eat cheeseburger and a +...
and his mom know she wanted to eat .
she wanted to eat a salad with a chocolate shake .
they went to the counter .
and Suzie said I want the +...
then Raymond said I want a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and mom said I wanted a salad with a chocolate shake .
and Sally she wanted to get a a <> happy meal .
then the mom +...
it was <> twelve dollars and forty two cents .
she was taking out the money from her pocket .
and she left it at home in the kitchen table .
then the question were what did Sally order ?
a kidsmeal .
what did Raymond order ?
and it was a cheeseburger .
and how much was it ?
and it was twelve dollars and forty two cents .
where did they left the money ?
on the table .
and <> what did they do after they <> eat at +...
they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
he got up in this morning .
and he screamed loud because he is late for his bus .
then he picked up the the clock .
and he sat it back on the jar .
he was getting some cereal to eat .
but when he was doing it milk went all over the table .
and it was dripping down to the floor .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
then when he was tying it it broke his shoelace .
then he was running trying to catch up to the school bus .
he was running and the bus stopped .
then the teacher was looking at him .
and he had his head up high .
and was tired .
and he walked up the stairs .
they were playing around .
and a spaceship came .
then aliens came off the spaceship .
then the guy said stop .
and the girl was holding his hand .
and she was running running out there .
but the guy didn't wanna because he thought they could see us .
and they could <> hurt us .
and and then there's an alien inside .
he was waving .
and the alien dog was looking at the bench here .
then there was some white stuff when they stopped .
and the alien had eight legs .
and there was a lot of trees .
and the girl she was going to run up and push the bush around so she can run out there .
and the grass was so green .
and it looked like the dog was looking that way .
and it looked like he doesn't have no nose .
and that is it .
the two kids got home .
their mom said we're going out .
where do you wanna go ?
the kids said Mcdonalds .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but the boy and their mom already knew what they wanted .
the boy ordered a hamburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
she said she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk said that will be twelve ninety five .
and then when the mom went for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered it was on the kitchen table .
one day a boy woke up really late .
and when he poured his milk it spilled out of the bowl .
and then when he was tying his sneakers one of the straps broke off .
and when he gotta the school bus it went without him .
and then when he gotta school he was late .
once upon a time there was two kids .
they were playing in the park .
and then a spaceship went down .
and four aliens came out .
the littlest alien had an alien dog .
and the aliens were creepy looking .
but they were just trying to be friendly .
and the kids ran away .
the end .
when +...
what's the boy's name ?
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mother said we're going out to eat .
and she asked where do you wanna go .
and they both shouted Macdonalds .
so she went to Macdonalds .
and while they were in line Lisa couldn't decide what to get .
but +...
I keep forgetting the boy's name .
but Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the counter she finally knew what she wanted .
and so she said I want a happy meal with with a coke and chocolate icecream .
and Raymond said I'll have a Big_Mac and a coke .
and when their mother reached for her purse she didn't have it .
so they went back home and got it .
one day George woke up .
and he had a headache .
and he was late .
so when he first got into the kitchen he tried making some breakfast because he was very late .
and he spilled it all over the place .
then he hadta clean it up .
after that he he went .
and <> his shoes were untied .
so he put them on .
and he tied them .
but one of his shoelaces fell off .
so he hadta sew it back on .
then he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk there .
his teacher said you're very late .
one day Shelby and john were walking in the park .
they were playing hide-and-go-seek .
Daniel saw an alien ship .
and he was terrified .
so he went to get Shelby .
but Shelby was excited .
and she thought it would be cool to meet them .
but Daniel said no we can't go .
but then Michelle grabbed his hand and took him to the aliens .
they were very nice .
and they were coming for a a trip to earth and see all the sights .
so Daniel and Michelle showed them around into a lot of places .
they showed them everywhere .
the aliens hadta go back home the next day .
they were very sad .
but they had a great time .
and one of the aliens let their alien dog stay for a souvenir for them to keep them company .
and the aliens took off .
and and the next day the dog was gone .
so they were looking for him .
and finally they found him .
and and the alien dog had puppies .
and the alien dog let them keep one .
and the alien dog took them all back to earth .
the end .
one day the same exact way or .
I can't remember exact words .
I can't remember exact words but they used .
but I can remember might be able remember what you I can .
one night Lisa and Raymond's mother told them that tonight we're gonna eat out .
she asked them where do you wanna eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car .
and their mother went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa could not decide what she wanted to order .
Raymond <> wanted a <> (7.) a whopper .
and and the mother ordered .
I can't remember in the exact same word .
and I can't remember what they ordered .
the mother ordered a I'm not sure what the mother ordered .
and finally Lisa decide what she want too .
she wanted a whopper and a chocolate cone .
by the time they gotta the clerk <> and they ordered .
Lisa and Raymond's mother realized that she had left her purse on the kitchen counter .
he woke up late .
he spilled his milk .
it was milk and breakfast .
ripped his shoelaces missed the bus and gotta school late .
one day aliens from space came to earth .
Lisa and Justin <> saw them in the park coming down from the spaceship .
Lisa was excited and wanted to meet them .
but Justin said don't go and was trying to get away .
Lisa found out that they were gonna be their neighbors .
and Justin wanted to run away from home .
Justin said I'd rather live in a tree with woodpeckers then be neighbors with some aliens .
nine when Lisa heard that she wanted to punch Justin .
but she knew that it was her brother .
so she didn't wanna fight .
and finally Lisa got Justin to try to meet them .
they talk a different language .
so they couldn't understand them .
but from the way how they talked they knew that they were nice people .
and nice aliens .
sometimes they did strange things .
and then next month they decided to go back and live in the park where Justin and Lisa always played .
they became friends with all of them even the dog .
the dog looked the strangest .
not saying that they didn't all look strange .
the dog was was furry only in one spot .
the rest were just skinny blue and didn't look too nice .
everybody in the family was bald except for the mother even the girl .
they didn't look like they had a a lot of stuff .
just <> to live in one place .
because I don't think it looks like that much stuff .
nine (12.) they started to play games with the girl and the dog .
they got useta the scary funny looking dog .
and they all became very good friends .
the end .
mom said to Raymond and Lisa that they're going to go out to eat .
and Raymond and Lisa said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Raymond said he would have a hamburger and some coke .
but Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
mom said that she would have a salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
she said she wanted a chocolate icecream with a chocolate coke and a hamburger and some coke with fries .
but they didn't have the money .
and they told the guy he sell the money .
and they would go home and get the money .
and then they would come back to get their food .
this little I'm going to make up a name for him .
jack woke up at the wrong time .
he was not very good when he got woken up .
when it was breakfast time he spilled his milk .
when it was time for school he accidentally broke one of his shoelaces .
and then he almost missed the bus .
and then the teacher told jack that you're a few minutes late .
I'm going to make up the names for the girl and the boy .
the boy is going to be called Billy .
and the girl is going to be called Rachelle .
one <> monday morning Rachelle and Billy went for a walk in the woods .
and they were going to have a picnic .
but then when they saw that a flying saucer was there they were afraid there were aliens .
and they saw big octopuses with hands .
and they thought they were aliens .
and they even have a a alien dog too .
and they thought they wanted to rule the world .
and so Rachelle wanted to get the little alien .
but Billy said no they might catch you stealing !
Rachelle wanted to have proof .
she didn't even pay attention to Billy .
until Billy bumped her .
she fell out of it .
and then they ran <> home and told about it .
but the president didn't believe them .
so they went for another walk .
and the spaceship was gone .
all there was footprints of little dots there and some grass that was down .
on tuesday Lisa and her brother came back home from school .
and their mom said where do you wanna go eat tonight ?
at Mcdonalds they both said .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered .
Lisa ordered fries chicken nuggets .
and the other kid ordered a vanilla icecream cone fries and chicken nuggets .
and the lady said that's twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom went in her purse the money wasn't there .
one day a boy name Eric woke up from bed .
it was very late .
he was xxx have some breakfast .
but it was too late .
then when he was tying his shoes his shoelace came off .
he ran out the door .
and he missed his bus .
when he gotta school his teacher was angry .
one day on wednesday Sara and her brother went to the park .
but they saw something .
they were suppose to go to school .
but then they saw these aliens coming out of their ships .
Sara said come on let's go see them .
but Daniel said no I don't wanna see them .
they might kill us .
but look that's a cute dog over there .
and the aliens were so <> surprised that they were afraid .
no .
one night when it was dinner time Raymond and Julie's mom said we're going out tonight .
where would you like to go ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
<> when they got there Julie couldn't decide what <> to eat .
Raymond and her mom already had decided .
when the the manager asked them what would you like to eat Raymond said he would like [% (12.) interruption] a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
her mom ordered a salad .
finally Julie decided what to eat .
she asked for a +...
wait there was something I skipped .
can I go back ?
when they got there Julie couldn't decide what to eat .
she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac and a kidsmeal .
when the <> manager asked what would you like Raymond asked for a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
their mom asked for a salad .
and Julie finally decided .
she wanted a kidsmeal (7.) a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
when the manager said that would be twelve fifty her mother reached for her purse .
and it was gone .
then she remembered she had left it on the counter in the kitchen .
what should <> she do ?
on sunday Max who was eight years old stayed up until twelve and read .
the next day was a school day .
and then he slept in .
then his alarm clock rang .
<> he was really surprised .
he thought he had only slept in half the time .
he was so tired and looking at the clock that he overflowed his bowl with milk .
well it was a bad day for Max .
you can tell that from now .
but one of the worst things was that when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then he heard the bus brakes .
he taped it on as fast as he can .
then he tied his shoes and ran out the door .
<> but the school bus had already gone .
and he was going to get two dollars from his friend if he had gone because he had missed some days and two dollars from the bus driver and his teacher too .
but he missed it .
and he was trying as hard as he could .
well that day he hadta walk to school again .
usually he would have rode his bike .
but the last time he did he hadta walk to school .
his teacher was really mad at him and depressed .
except then when he had told her what he had done the teacher would let him up .
but she said if he had stayed up late again that she would do it .
and that was the same thing his mom said .
and he got punished from his lamp for a week .
for the rest of the time he was more careful to go to bed when he should have .
the end .
aliens from outer space .
one day when Annie and (7.) Matt were walking in the woods they heard a big loud crash .
Annie said whoa@c what was that ?
Matt said I don't really wanna know .
and he grabbed his arm and went xxx .
when they found them they saw aliens .
whoa said Annie aliens from outer space .
Matt tried to run off .
but Annie's grip was too hard .
the first one they saw was an xxx out of the spaceship .
there was a driver in the spaceship waving good bye .
there was a dad a mother a girl and an alien poodle .
whoa@c .
my science project would be cool and yours .
we are twins you know .
<> but you're a fraidy cat .
you won't go .
Annie let go .
and Matt ran off .
(5.) Annie heard them say let's go to and move in here .
it is a very nice place .
where should we go ?
well of course let's go to the one we are assigned said the father .
neighbors as Matt and Annie at one thirty twenty one one twenty three Downey .
Annie said whoa@c aliens as neighbors .
I can scare Matt with my new friend .
when Matt came back with their mom and dad they couldn't see anything .
Annie was pointing right there .
and they said Annie quit playing jokes <> with us .
and Matt quit lying .
then the aliens appeared .
and their mother and father and Matt ran off .
the next day they saw a spaceship .
and a little hoverplane .
their mom said what strange new neighbors we have .
I mean look at the shape of their car their dad said .
let us go give them a warming welcome to our neighborhood .
when they did they saw the aliens again .
Annie said let us to the little girl since she opened the door .
hey do you wanna be friends ?
and the little girl said yes .
hey wanna make cookie she said .
sure but first what is your name <> the alien girl said .
(5.) Matilda .
I like that name said Annie .
then they played together until that next year .
they had grown very much .
and they had a lot of fun .
while they were playing the aliens got a car .
the car was because they hadta go to another planet .
when Matilda told Annie she was really depressed .
but Matilda said don't worry Annie .
we will be back to see you sometime .
we will visit you every month .
Matilda was then really happy .
she said okay .
and then she saw a flash .
and they were gone .
when jack called about this +...
when the family heard what Annie had told them they really relieved .
but then when Annie told them that they were coming every month the whole family fainted except for Annie .
Annie laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed .
the next day they got a phone call .
it was Matilda .
Annie was really surprised .
Matilda said I have some new things that you guys can get .
and guess what ?
we forgot to get our brother .
that is why we hadta leave .
we're moving back in .
and our brother is really afraid .
he is a scaredy-cat said Matilda .
his name is jack .
I saw your brother Matt .
he is a scaredy-cat too .
maybe they would like each other .
and my mom and dad wanna meet you big time .
and he said whoa@c cool .
I wish you were in my class .
Matilda said I am .
I have just started school xxx .
yeah you're in third grade aren't you ?
yep .
hey except I am going to hafta learn your guy's writing .
you already know mine .
maybe you can teach it to the class .
well okay .
and Matt he is my twin .
except he is in a different class .
he flunked once .
he is in second grade .
but my mom said he is going to skip a grade next year .
well see you Matilda .
and then really fast they were back .
well the whole family made friends .
and they were a whole new family .
they stayed for ten million light years .
they figured out what light years were because they were still alive then .
but Matilda was twelve then .
now they are really good friends .
and they are not scaredy cats anymore .
but when they were fifteen they hadta leave because they left their whole family .
and they got their whole family too .
and all of the families had the same amount of people .
and they were very good friends .
when they all died at the same time jack and Annie and all the family was really sad .
then Annie said maybe we will get xxx .
and then their whole family fainted again .
the end .
on tuesday mother asked Lisa and Raymond where they wanted to go out to eat .
they said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond wanted a happy meal with a milkshake and fries .
Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond went up to the counter and said I want a happy meal with fries and a milkshake .
Lisa went up and said I want a happy meal with coke fries and a small icecream cone .
then <> mother reached into the purse purse and said uhoh .
the purse was gone .
one day a boy woke up and knocked his head on the counter .
and and then he looked at his clock .
and it was +...
he slept in too late .
then he went to the counter and <> made his cereal and spilled his milk .
then he tied his shoe and broke his shoelace .
he got out of his house and went running for the school bus .
but it was too late .
it was already <> driving off .
when he gotta school he was in trouble .
the principal said you're late .
go get a tardy .
uhhuh .
one day there was this boy and girl that went to the park .
when they got there they saw a spaceship land .
<> four aliens came out .
and one alien dog came out .
the boy screamed .
but the girl just wanted to go see them .
he said no don't do that .
they could kill you .
she still went .
they were friendly .
they sat down on the picnic table .
and they took a picnic .
when they went back the aliens played around a little bit .
they came back to the park .
and then they saw the aliens going back in their spaceship .
and then they said no we wanna play with you some more .
but then they hadta leave .
the end .
they ordered for them .
their mom told them what they wanna eat .
their mother left the the purse .
he woke up earlier .
he wanted to make breakfast and spilled his milk .
he he broke his shoelace .
he was late for the bus .
the teacher said he was late .
there were a a girl and a boy .
they were next to bushes .
and they saw a ship .
and aliens came out .
and they had a dog .
the boy said don't go there .
don't go there .
well Lisa and Raymond <> came home from school .
and their mother said that they were going out to eat .
and their mother asked what do you_all wanna eat ?
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and <> Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and Lisa said that she wanted +...
and when they gotta the counter Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
and and Raymond said that he wanted a Big_Mac and a vanilla shake .
and his mom said I'll have a salad .
and Lisa said I'll have a happy meal and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
and the person said twelve dollars and thirty seven cents .
and and then when the mom reached down for her purse she didn't have it .
and then she go home and get it .
well a boy David he was sleeping .
then he didn't realize he was sleeping real late .
he wasn't looking .
and he was looking at the time .
he wasn't looking what he was doing to his milk .
he take out his shoestring .
he hit himself with the shoestring .
then he got left from the school bus because he was very very late .
then when he gotta school his teacher said you're very very very late David .
in the beginning David and Ashley were going to have a picnic .
then they saw some aliens .
Ashley said those aren't aliens .
then Ashley took his hand and started walking over there .
David said no let my hand go .
then Ashley let his hand go and start going over there and play with them .
and then the aliens said hi how are you doing .
and then they sat down and had a picnic .
then Ashley said that my brother thinks you alien .
then the aliens said well we came from far far away .
we was in Japan .
and then Ashley said I knew my brother was wrong .
so then they made best friends .
she met their pet .
and then David went over there and said they really aren't alien .
I'm sorry Ashley for thinking those were <> aliens .
and I'm sorry too for thinking you_all were aliens .
the end .
when Raymond and Lisa got back home then their mom said that they gonna go out to eat tonight .
then her mom asked them where do they wanna go .
then Raymond and Lisa yelled out Mcdonalds .
then when they went there Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and large fries and a milkshake .
and then their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal and a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
and the icecream cone was a chocolate icecream cone .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but then when her mom looked in her purse she forgot the money .
she knew that she left the money at the kitchen counter .
so then the man could write it on a paper .
and then the mom and the two kids could go back and get the money .
one day a little boy woke up .
and then he went downstairs to eat his breakfast .
but then he was looking at the clock .
he forgot to look at his milk if it was spilling .
then he couldn't have in his breakfast .
then he just went to take a shower .
and put on his clothes .
and when he got outside he missed his bus .
so he hadta walk walk .
and then when he gotta school the teacher said that the boy was too late for school .
one day a boy and a girl was walking to a park to have a picnic .
while they were walking they were almost next to the park .
then they saw aliens landing on the park .
and then the girl wanted to go talk to them .
but then the big brother didn't wanna because he was scared of the aliens .
then then they both went .
and then the girl and the boy +...
the girl asked the aliens where did they come from .
and then they talked in alien language .
but then the girl and the boy didn't understand .
so then the aliens they were being scary to them .
but they were scared of the two children .
then the girl and the boy went home running as fast as they could .
then they told the parents that they saw live aliens .
then the mom and dad said nonsense .
then the girl said come come .
we're telling you the truth .
it was scary .
then the family went to see .
then all the aliens were +...
they saw the spaceship .
but then they went back to their planet called alien Alien_Planet .
the end .
they went to the Mcdonalds .
they ordered stuff .
and their mom forgot the money .
twenty one I don't remember .
he's having a bad day .
because he got up late spilled his breakfast snap his shoelace and missed the bus was late for school .
not really .
there were aliens .
and the boy was scared to see the aliens .
and the girl wanted to go meet them .
there's a father and a mother two boys and a dog .
their ship landed in a park .
and they all have dots all over their face .
six no not really .
when the two children got home their mom asked them we're going to go out to eat tonight .
where do you guys wanna go ?
they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and their mom went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
but her mom and her brother knew .
her brother was gonna get a cheeseburger .
and her mom was gonna get a salad .
and then finally Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a happy meal .
and the clerk told her it was gonna be twelve dollars .
[% whispers quietly to himself] and then her mom looked in her purse .
and she said oh_my_gosh .
I don't have the money in here .
I must have left it at home kitchen table .
one morning mike woke up .
he had a bad headache .
and then when he went out he poured his bowl of cereal .
and all of the milk went flooding everywhere .
when he had breakfast he went out and tried to put his shoes on .
but he couldn't tie his shoe because all his laces were going everywhere .
and he couldn't just get them right .
and then when he finally got his shoes on he got his backpack and went out the door tried to get the bus .
by the time he went out the bus was already on its way to school .
so he hadta walk to school .
and when he gotta school he was really late .
the teacher was waiting out there for him .
she was really mad .
one time there was a girl and a boy .
one name was Christine .
and one name was Christopher .
they were both going to the park .
and suddenly when they were behind a bush they saw this big spaceship .
it landed .
and they watched .
the door opened with smoke coming out of it .
there was a family of aliens walked out .
there was a dog a daughter a mom and a dad and a older sister .
when they walked out Christine wanted to go see .
but Christopher held her back and said no wait !
you might get zapped with their lasers .
but suddenly they walked out .
and they lost her .
Christine ran and tried to find them .
but she never could .
that's it .
their mom said we are going out tonight .
where do you kids wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and while they were going there the girl Elena she is like I don't know what to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and when they got there Allen ordered a hamburger with french fries and a vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Elena <> ordered a happy meal with fries and a vanilla milkshake with a chocolate icecream cone .
(5.) what were the boy's and girl's name ?
first bob woke up .
but then he bumped his head on his desk .
and said oh no I am late .
and when he was going going downstairs to get his cereal he accidentally poured the milk bowl too full .
and then he got dressed and ready for school and everything .
and then he was tying his shoes .
and his shoelace broke .
and when he finally got out of his house he missed the bus .
and then he is like oh_man now I can't go to school .
then he hadta walk back home and say I missed the bus mom .
on thursday Michelle Michelle and Daniel went went to the park to have some lunch .
and they were eating behind a bush because it was so shady .
and they really liked it there .
and they ate there for at least a half an hour .
and then they heard a strange noise kind of whistling kind of sound .
and they stood up .
and they just saw this yellow blur fly across the sky .
and then they saw saw a spaceship land .
and five aliens come out .
and Michelle said wow look at those .
Daniel was like get away get away run .
and Michelle kept on .
and he started running away .
but Michelle got him by the arm and said let's see what those aliens are .
and the aliens sat down .
and and opened their cases and started having lunch .
one day Raymond and Lisa came back to school .
and their mom said they're going to eat out .
and their mom said where you wanna eat .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
so when they got there Lisa didn't know what to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and Lisa's mom knew what they wanted .
so when they went to the clerk Raymond said he wanted a vanilla milkshake a cheeseburger and french fries .
their mom said a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said she wanted a cheeseburger french fries a coke and <> chocolate icecream cone .
and it was twelve dollars .
but Lisa's mom forgot her purse at home .
um I don't think there was any more things .
one day a boy named Sam went to bed .
the next day his clock woke him up .
but his clock was set wrong .
so he started rushing .
okay so he started pouring the milk and <> made a mess for the cereal .
then he put on his clothes and washed up .
after that he got his clothes on .
and he started tying his shoes .
but the left shoelace came off .
so he said forget about it .
so he just started trying to catch the bus .
but he missed it .
when he gotta school his teacher saw him in a mess .
so when Raymond gotta school he didn't know what was happening because he was late .
I'm finished .
one day a boy named juice and a girl named Sammy were at a park .
they saw a u_f_o .
but they didn't know it was real .
so they got closer to it to inspect it .
when they knocked on the ship the door fell down .
and they saw alien peoples .
so they rushed back .
but they looked behind a bush .
they saw an alien girl a alien boy an alien mother an alien dog and an alien father .
well then they looked back to see if anybody saw it .
but when they looked back to look at the ship it was gone .
they thought it was a dream .
and it could have been .
who knows ?
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and they asked their parents if they could take them to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa could not decide what she wanted either a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and then the mother turned to look for her purse .
and then she had remembered that she had left it on the front kitchen counter .
he woke up late .
and he look on his alarm clock .
and it was past when he was sposta wake up .
and then he tried to get his breakfast ready .
but he was in a rush .
and he spilled his milk .
and then his shoelace broke when he was trying to tie his shoe .
then he missed the school bus .
and he <> tried to catch up with it .
but he couldn't .
so he walked to school .
there were two teenage kids .
and they were in the bushes exploring .
and then they had seen a spaceship with aliens .
and one of them had a little furry dog .
and one was pulling her brother to go get a closer look .
but he refused to .
and she wanted to go meet them .
but he wouldn't let her .
so she kept on trying to pull him and pull him .
but he <> kept on refusing to go .
and finally she just let go and went to meet them .
and then they became good friends .
and the teenage boy was scared and ran home .
and then the aliens packed up got in their spaceship and left .
and the girl was really sad because she did not have anybody to play with .
when Richard and Sally got home their mom said where do you wanna eat out ?
they said Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and their mom drove them .
they got there .
Sally couldn't make up her mind .
and Richard ordered a cheeseburger with fries .
the guy at the cash register said that will be twelve dollars .
she reached down .
and she remembered she left her purse on the counter at home .
one day a kid woke up because of his alarm clock .
and he looked at it .
and it was almost eight o'clock .
when he was pouring his cereal he looked at the clock to see what time it was .
and milk overflowed .
and when he was walking to school his shoelace snapped .
and he was angry .
and he tried to run up to the bus and catch it .
but he missed it .
and when he gotta school the teacher said you are late .
one day Sarah and Dane were walking in the <> forest .
and they heard something .
and they looked over the bush .
and they saw a spaceship .
and the door was opening .
and aliens <> walked out the door .
and they wanted to have a picnic .
and they wanted to <> spend the night a little while .
and they had a pet .
and then Sarah tried to go look out to go look at aliens close up .
and Dane thought thought it was not a good idea .
then when they left Sarah said oh_man wish we had the chance to get proof .
the end .
their mom said where do you wanna go out to eat .
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
they they jumped into the car and went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa ordered a happy meal coke .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake and a [% whispers] Mighty_Kids_Meal .
and a Mighty_Kids_Meal .
their +...
and the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
their mom was getting her purse .
and then she noticed it wasn't there .
it was on the kitchen counter at their house .
a boy woke up out of bed .
and he was tired .
and his alarm woke him up .
he went downstairs to get his cereal .
he poured the milk .
and it spilled all over the place .
he went to tie his shoes .
and he broke the shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and he gotta school .
and his teacher was mad at him because he wasn't on time .
these aliens came down from a different planet .
they came out of their spaceship .
and a boy and a girl went over there and looked at it .
and the boy was scared .
and the girl wanna try check it out .
so the boy said we needta go back home and tell our parents .
and they told their parents .
and their parents came .
and they were already back home .
one day their mother said we're going out <> tonight .
what do you wanna go ?
they said Mcdonalds both &*INV:mhm said it .
they rush to the car .
and her mom drove [% pronounced drewv] to <> the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they got there .
and her mom didn't know what a side a a : .
a side .
and then she think and thinks .
so she got a happy meal a chocolate shake and a chocolate fudge .
and they said it would twenty five cents .
so she looked in her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and what will they do now ?
one afternoon a kid was <> late for school .
he got up <> got some milk dropped it .
and then he looked at the clock .
it was time to go to school .
and then he was tying his shoes .
and then the shoelace broke .
and then he tried to get the bus .
but the bus leaves too soon .
and the principal said you're late .
and then he said I'm sorry .
I might miss the bus .
one day some kids were looking in the woods a brother and sister .
they were going to this park .
and then she saw these spaceship come out .
and then they saw aliens .
and then their brother was scared .
and then they don't wanna go .
but her sister wanted to go .
so she wanted to go .
so I don't know if the brother went or didn't go with her .
or maybe they let her go .
when Lisa and +...
oh this is gonna be hard .
Remzy .
oh I forget .
[<] .
Lisa and Remzy got off the bus .
their mother said we're gonna go out for dinner .
where would you guys like to go ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds !
so they got into the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a cheeseburger or a happy meal .
her mother and her brother had already decided .
<> her brother wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and her mother wanted a salad .
finally Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said it'll be twelve fifty .
and then when their mother went to reach into her purse she remembered that she had forgotten her purse on the kitchen counter .
one morning when Todd woke up he looked at his alarm clock and said oh no I'm gonna miss the bus .
so then he hurried downstairs to eat breakfast .
while he was trying to pour his milk fast it spilled all over the table and so did the cereal .
after he got dressed and combed his hair +...
when he tried to tie his shoe in a fast the shoelace broke .
he was very unhappy .
so he got on a new pair of shoes .
when he ran outside with his bookbag and lunch he had missed the bus .
then he hadta go two miles to his school .
and he was late .
so he got a late slip and then returned to class .
one day when Jill and bill were outside playing in the park they were behind a bush .
and they saw an alien spaceship land in the park .
so they creeped down under the bushes .
and Jill grabbed bill's hand and said come on let's go see them .
but bill said no way .
after that there were four alien looking octopuses stepping out of the alien spaceship .
and they even had a weird looking dog .
so Jill went out to say hi .
the people got scared and got back in their spaceship and wouldn't come out .
so she said it's alright I won't hurt you .
neither will my brother bill .
so they came back out .
they said hi I'm Sara Michelle Fred and Jake .
and we've come down to see what earth is really like .
so then Jill and bill went and got their parents so they could meet the aliens too .
but then the aliens disappeared .
they wondered if it was really a dream or just an illusion .
sorry I don't remember the names .
okay when the mother asked her children where they wanted to eat they both yelled together Mcdonalds .
so she drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
<> the son wanted cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla shake .
the the <> daughter wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone .
their mother ordered a salad .
when she told the clerk he said that would be twelve dollars .
when the mom put her hand in her pocket her wallet was gone .
nine xxx .
I'm stuck .
I guess so .
no .
the alarm had been ringing for an hour .
finally Jake woke up and looking at the clock he saw that he was late for school .
quickly he got out of bed and ran into the kitchen to make breakfast .
after he ate breakfast he put on his clothes getting ready to tie his shoes .
<> when he started tying his shoes they poped one was unlie .
by the time he got it back on the school bus had already left .
when he came to school late the teacher asked him why he was so <> late .
he told her what happened .
and she gave him a homework pass for being so honest .
one day mark and Morgan went to the park .
they were playing just fine until they saw a shadow of a +...
it came closer and closer .
and they realized it was a ship .
quick mark pulled Morgan right into the bushes .
a second after that four or five aliens poped right out of the ship .
they couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the the aliens <> playing in the park like humans .
mark tried to hold back as Morgan pulled him out of the bushes to say hi to the aliens .
but the aliens didn't like them .
as though they thought they didn't .
they really just tried to say hello .
but they ran away before the aliens could say anything .
then they told their parents what had happened at the park .
their mother didn't believe a word .
but they decided to go back to the park .
when they went back to the park all they saw was a regular family <> coming off of a plane from the airport .
and still they think <> that day was that family <> really human or were they also aliens .
the end .
uh gosh I forgot the beginning .
um can't remember .
they went to the Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake and a a coke .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal <> with a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
and <> their mom ordered a salad .
and and the cash register man said that'll be twelve dollars .
and then their mom noticed that that she left her purse at the house .
there was a boy named john .
and he woke up .
and and he went downstairs to the kitchen .
and got a bowl and got a spoon and put cereal in the bowl and poured the milk .
and it spilled all over the table .
then once he finished breakfast he went to go get dressed .
and get on his shoes and tie it .
but his shoelace snapped .
and then he tried to +...
he was late for the bus stop .
and he went outside .
and the bus was leaving .
he was having a very bad day .
and and got at school late .
and and that's the end .
one one afternoon Eric Eric and Portia went went on a hike .
and they they decide to go in the woods .
and and Eric tripped over rock .
they got up and then they saw a space cruise .
and and they wanna go see what was going on .
and there was aliens (7.) with eight legs and a dog who had a weird nose and very hairy .
we couldn't read what was on their space cruise .
but we wanted to get out_o(f) there fast .
they told their <> mom and dads about what they had seen .
but they didn't believe them .
and so they they decide to go get proof .
and they came back and pulled a hair off the dog <> and ran back to their house and showed their mom and dads .
and then they went over there again .
and they believed them .
when they got out of school they both said that they wanted Mcdonalds .
when they got there the girl couldn't decide what she <> wanted .
and the boy and the mom knew what they wanted .
and then when they gotta the front desk +...
and when they all told them how much it was +...
and mom forgot her purse .
the boy ordered a Big_Mac .
and then the girl ordered a happy meal .
and that is all I can remember .
first of all he's waking up from his bed .
and then he is eating his breakfast .
but he is making a big mess .
and then he is tying his shoe .
but his shoestring broke .
and he missed the bus .
and then he's late for school .
that's all .
<> it's a spaceship .
and these aliens with lots of legs are walking off .
and there is a dog .
and the boy is stopping the girl from probably going over there and touching them or something .
and (5.) that's all .
um might say something up there .
um that is all I can think of right now .
Lisa and what was the boy's name again ?
just got home on the bus .
and their mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
and she said where do you wanna go out ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
actually she drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there their mother knew what to order .
and her brother knew what to order .
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
and then she finally knew what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with a cone and a large coke with chocolate icecream .
and then the the guy at the <> counter said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty nine cents .
and then when she was going to get her purse she just noticed that she left it on the counter at home .
one morning a boy named john woke up .
and his alarm clock was broken .
and then he went downstairs to make breakfast .
but he spilled the milk all over his his table .
and then when he got his shoes and he tied them one of his shoelaces broke .
and then when the school bus arrived he was still trying to tie his shoe .
but then the school bus left before he got on the bus .
and then he ran all the way chasing the bus .
and then he gotta school by running .
and her teacher said you are late .
the end .
one day on saturday Ashlyn and Corbin went out for a picnic by themselves out in the park .
and they saw a spaceship <> landing at a picnic table .
and they saw a kid and another kid named and a mom and dad and a weird looking dog .
and then they rushed all the way home to tell their mom and dad .
and they wished they had proof .
but their mom and dad didn't believe them .
the end .
um um +...
mothers asked their kids where they wanted to eat out .
and they decided Mcdonalds .
and when they got there the boy ordered a cheeseburger some kind of drink .
the same thing .
and the girl Lisa ordered an ice cream cone .
it was vanilla that is what I think it was .
and she wanted a cheeseburger and something to drink .
and <> when the man or woman said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother looked in her purse there was no money .
and she realized that it was on the counter at home .
<> there once lived a boy named jack .
and his hair was a little messy .
when he woke up out of bed he was going to eat some cereal .
but he spilled it when he was concentrating on the clock .
when he was going to be late +...
and when he was all dressed up he he was tying his shoes .
and then he got pulled too hard .
and his shoe string snapped .
when he got outside he was too late for the bus .
now he hadta walk to school .
he asked a woman named Gina .
and she said <> go two paths .
and take a right <> to school .
there once lived some octopuses with eight legs .
and two person hand and hair .
there was three octopuses .
a girl a mom and a dad and a pet named boo .
I named him boo .
and they came out of a spaceship that looked like carnival .
and it looked like a spaceship .
and there was this one girl who came out and wanted to play with the octopuses .
this one boy that was her friend said oo@c don't do that .
and she didn't listen .
and she went and play with them .
not really .
Raymond and his sister's mom told the kids that they were going out to eat .
and she said where would you like to go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
so they hoped into the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
the clerk asked what would you like ?
the mom said I would like a milkshake and a Big_Mac .
and she asked the kids what would you like ?
Raymond said I would like fries a kidsmeal and a chocolate shake .
and she asked the girl what would you like ?
she said I would like a chocolate milkshake and a kidsmeal .
the mom reached over to grab her purse .
but it was not there .
she said I must have left it on the counter .
there was a boy .
and he woke up .
he didn't wake up at the right time .
he was hurrying for the bus .
and he spilled his milk .
he was looking at the clock .
his shoelace broke off .
and he doesn't look happy .
he was running for the bus .
but it was driving off .
and then he gotta school .
and he was late .
I am going to call this story the aliens and the kids .
there were some aliens that came down from outer space .
and they had a dog named Goofoff .
and they were looking around .
this girl named Carly and this boy named Cody were walking along .
the girl Carly wanted to go over there and say hi to them .
the boy Cody was trying to hold her back because he was afraid .
he was holding her so bad that her wrist started to hurt .
and she kept on running and running .
finally he let go .
and she went over there .
and she said hi to them .
and they said hello how are you doing today ?
can I find a house ?
they showed the family a house next door to them .
and they were cooking once .
and they forgot to turn off the oven .
and their house started on fire .
so they hadta call nine hundred eleven and get the police to come over and the fire engines .
and then the family next door with Cody and Carly they told them that there was a house for sale downtown .
okay .
after school their mom asked them where do you wanna go and eat ?
both said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Jeffrey <> said I wanna cheeseburger and some fries and a large vanilla shake .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and then she finally knew what she wanted .
and then it was a chocolate icecream cone fries and chicken nuggets .
and the cashier said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and her mom <> went for her purse .
and then she <> saw that she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
he woke up late for school because his alarm clock told him .
and he <> went to the kitchen looked at the clock and was fixing his breakfast .
and milk poured everywhere on it .
and then he got dressed tied his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
and then he went outside .
and then the bus already had left .
and he he went to school .
and a principal or a teacher said that you're late and was kind of stressed with him .
yeah .
hm: .
one time there was a alien ship that was going down on vacation .
and it came down .
and there was two human beings playing at this park .
and then one of the human beings saw it .
and there were strange heads and lots of legs and there was a doggie that looked really weird .
and +...
uh I don't know .
that's all .
that's probably all my story .
no .
that was hard .
on tuesday &*INV:mhm when Lisa and Ronald left from school their mother asked we're going all out to eat .
where would you like to eat ?
Lisa and Ronald yelled Mcdonalds !
so then they both jumped in the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa still didn't know what she wanted a Big_Mac or a Kid_Meal .
when they went to the counter Ronald and their mother already knew what to buy .
Ronald asked I'd like a cheeseburger fries and vanilla shake .
mom said I'll have a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said I'll like chicken nuggets french fries an icecream cone and a coke .
the man then said okay that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mom reached into the purse it was gone .
she realized she left it on on the counter at home .
one morning jack woke up with a disaster day .
he realized he was so close to being late for school .
he got out of bed .
and he did not put on his pajamas yet .
he fixed breakfast .
but he made a big mess .
he cleaned it up .
and then he ate breakfast .
and it was even later .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace just snapped off .
he tied them back together .
and then he tied on his shoes .
and then he got it .
and then he went outside .
but then he forgot his backpack .
so he went inside .
then he got his backpack .
then he went outside .
and then the school bus left without him .
he ran to school .
and then once he gotta school his teacher was pointing at her watch and saying you're late .
and then the boy said because a lot of problems happened .
one day jack and Madison went out to the park .
they were off .
and then jack said look at that sun !
and then Madison what sun ?
that sun's just yellow .
he said no that sun !
and he thinks there's two suns ?
and then all of a sudden it looked like a football shape .
then when he said hey what do you xxx ?
they wanna play xxx some big boys .
and then they're like oh no an alien ship !
and then Madison's like cool !
and then the the door opened up .
and then the father mother and the child and the daughter and the pet dog went outside .
the <> child was still trying to get in the ship .
jack said come on !
let's get out of here !
and and Madison was like hold your horses !
I wanna meet them because she thought they might be humans .
and she said hold your horses .
I wanna see those people because she thought those were real human beings .
then she goes ahahah@c and then runs up ahahah@c !
and then xxx xxx those are aliens !
come on !
get out_o(f) here !
she was like no way !
will you count all those feet on ?
<> look how many feet they have !
yeah so maybe they're just halloween costumes .
well come on !
let's get out_o(f) here !
no way !
I wanna stay here still .
the end .
on tuesday hm: .
hm: .
they wanted to go out to eat .
hm: .
xxx I don't remember the story very much .
Lisa ordered a happy meal and and a coke and chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then they ended up with the purse left at home on the counter .
early one morning Jake woke up .
he saw that he was late for school and <> hurried to eat his breakfast .
when he was trying to tie his shoes for school one of the shoelaces broke .
when he finally had his shoelaces fixed he went outside to catch the schoolbus .
but it was already leaving .
when he gotta school the teacher asked where have you been ?
he said he was late for school and didn't get there in time .
one day a family went to the park to have a picnic .
the kids over playing on the the swings when the mom and dad saw a spaceship .
out of it came four aliens a dog a little girl a mom and a dad .
the spaceship left right after the four aliens got off .
the mom wanted to go see the dog because she thought it was cute .
but the dad wanted to keep her back .
<> they went to go show their kids .
but when they got back it was gone .
the kids thought they were lying and went back to play .
the children buy a happy meal &*INV:mhm a icecream cone and a coke .
it was ten dollars .
no there's some more .
the mom lost her purse at home on the table counter .
the the kid have a happy meal like her sister have a milkshake and fries .
that's the all I know .
the kid wake up early .
him bell ring .
and when he wake up in the morning he went to <> the kitchen to serve cereal .
and he pulled the milk on the table kitchen .
and when he tie his shoes him tieslace@c broke .
and when he went to the busstop he missed the bus .
and he walk to school .
and his teacher say you are late .
there some squares these [% tapping on page] .
[>] .
[>] three squares and tables and some bushes by the trees and some some flowers on the ground and some leafs on top of it like something on the trees and the airplane .
this one [% tapping on page] this is the airplane .
now it's blasting off .
and then this one say byebye .
see you next year .
never be you never see you .
and you pull this thing up .
and him fall down .
and the brother and the sister and the mother and the daddy .
and there's a girl .
and somebody went from there to here .
well there's grass people one is black and some are purple with blue spots and a airplane grass and trees and bushes and flowers .
it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
they went to Mcdonalds .
uh huh .
seven they got icecream .
yeah .
should I start here ?
he's waking up .
then he went to the kitchen and had some food .
five then he got his shoes on .
six and the shoelace broke .
four then he went outside to get on his bus .
but he missed the bus stop .
then he went to school .
no .
okay .
there was a girl and a boy .
there is a girl and a boy .
twelve and they were in the bushes .
no .
okay but I can't remember the whole thing .
as soon as Raymond and um (6.) the little girl got home from school their mother said we're going to eat out tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and both of the children yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
three the girl couldn't make up her mind .
mother and Raymond knew what they wanted .
the mother said I will have a salad with a drink .
Raymond said I am going to have a hamburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the girl finally made up her mind .
she said I want a hamburger with ketchup and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said will that be all ?
they said yes .
and he said it will be twelve fifty .
when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
ah no .
better think about this one .
thirty six I think I'm ready now .
there once was a boy who hadta be up by six thirty .
he looked at his clock .
and it was seven o'clock .
he slept in .
so he ran downstairs poured his milk ate his breakfast very quickly .
when he got dressed his shoelace broke .
he missed the school bus .
then he ran to school and was late .
okay .
let's see if I can remember my story .
one day there was a boy and a girl playing tag in the park .
the boy was it .
and the girl was running from him .
just then an alien spaceship landed on the earth .
an alien family came out and talked a language they did not know .
after about a week the aliens decided to go back home .
the girl wanted to touch them .
but the boy wouldn't let her .
when they left they forgot their pets .
so the next day they came back and took their pet with them .
then they flew off into space again .
and lived happily ever after on their own planet .
they came home from school .
[<] their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
mhm .
and she said where do you wanna go ?
and Lisa and Raymond shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then their mom drove to Mcdonalds .
and then they got inside .
[<] they were walking inside .
and then they got inside .
Raymond knew what he wanted to eat .
and his mom knew what she wanted to eat .
and then +...
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
[<] thought and thought about it .
and then she ordered &*INV:mhm a happy meal a chocolate icecream &*INV:mhm and a chocolate milkshake and a happy meal .
and the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and (7.) +...
and then she reached down to her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and then she realized she left it at home on the counter .
this guy's name is gonna be Ron .
[<] .
Ron &*INV:mhm woke up one morning .
at +...
Ron was asleep um xxx xxx .
Ron woke up .
and he figured out that he overslept when his alarm went .
next he went downstairs and poured his cereal .
but he wasn't looking at his thing when he was doing the cereal .
he looked at the clock .
then he spilled almost all of the milk that he had poured in the bowl .
and then he hadta clean it up .
next he went upstairs and got dressed .
[>] then <> he started to tie his shoe .
he was tying his shoe when all of a sudden the string broke .
and then he hadta tie it with a little tiny weeny string .
and then he was all ready to go .
and then he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then when he gotta school he saw his teacher outside .
and he was tardy .
so Ron was really having a bad day .
the boy's name is gonna be David .
the girl's name is gonna be lily .
lily not xxx .
David and lily were walking in the park .
and they saw a big saucer coming .
um I forgot his name already .
&*INV:mhm David said look at that saucer .
so lily look at that saucer .
they thought it could be a big meteorite instead .
it started slowing down when it came to the earth .
then it came down and landed on the earth .
and then a door came flying down .
then David and lily knew that it was an alien <> saucer .
so then they went and hid behind some brushy bushes and <> peered over the top .
and and they saw the door open .
and then they saw these little figures coming out .
they saw one leg two leg three legs four legs five legs <> lots of legs coming out of the things .
they knew that it would be alien .
so the aliens +...
so they hid because they have all these little dots over them .
and they look like chickenpox .
and they had this weird dog an alien dog .
and then they land .
and then lily started to run over to try to meet them .
but but David said no wait they could hurt us .
they're not from our land .
they're from mars I think or from another galaxy .
so +...
but lily didn't pay any attention .
she just kept on trying to meet them .
and then lily finally listened .
she didn't go to meet them because they looked weird .
but they had nice smiles .
so then they went home .
and so the next day they came back .
and the aliens also were still there .
and so they wondered why it would stay here .
and they wondered where the aliens were .
and they looked all around .
and then they finally saw that they were eating the picnic .
and then they they watched them go and play on the playground .
and then they fell asleep .
so Elaina and David <> looked in the alien saucer .
looked like nothing was there .
except on the other side there was probably something .
they went in and looked on the other side .
they saw that there was nothing .
and they saw this big red button .
and then they saw all these weird curves on the side .
so they knew that at last they hadta push the red button for the stuff like the chair to be and the guns and all the other stuff .
<> and so that they now roll why that's where all the stuff went .
so now they know that they're hiding it because they don't want anybody to take off in their ship while they're still here .
so that's why they hid it .
so then right when they got out they hid in the bushes again .
then they were starting to wake up .
and then they went back on their alien saucer and went back and got some drinks .
and and then they came back out .
and there they saw the weird dog again .
and there was many many many legs and those green spots on their faces .
and then Elaina jumped up from behind the brush and started to run towards the aliens again .
but David said no no no no wait wait .
we don't know any of them .
and Elaina didn't pay any attention .
so she just kept on trying to meet them .
and then David pulled her back .
and she fell on her bottom .
so did David .
and then they went over and had a picnic .
and then they went back into the playground .
and they took a nap .
and they keeps on going over and over again .
and that's all .
one day Raymond and Lisa's mom came to pick them up in school .
and she said where would you like to go out to dinner .
and Lisa and Bryan said Mcdonalds .
so they got out of the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
Bryan picked the cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake .
the mom picked a salad with a coke .
and finally Lisa decided what she was going to pick .
she picked a cheeseburger with a vanilla icecream cone .
then the clerk said that would be twelve dollars please .
and then the mother looked down .
but she couldn't find her purse .
then she remembered that she had left it at home .
one day john was having a very difficult day .
his alarm clock woke him up too early .
at breakfast time the <> milk carton broke open and spilled all over the floor .
and he got all wet and hadta change again .
then when he was tying his shoes he was tying it too tight .
his shoelaces broke .
so he hadta go find some new string and put it through .
that made him late for the bus .
he finished tying his shoes just as the bus left the bus <> stop .
oh well john said .
I guess I'll hafta walk .
so john walked all the way to school .
when he finally reached school the teacher said you're fifteen minutes late .
john told this story of what happened about his difficult day .
one day Jake and Sally were walking in the woods when they heard something landing .
we might be close to an airport said Sally .
and she peeked around the bush .
she didn't see a plane .
she saw a spaceship .
then she saw weird people coming out .
well those must be octopus she said .
and she ran over to see them .
no Jake cried .
and he ran after her .
but he didn't wanna go out in front of those creatures .
but Sally went out .
when she went to talk to them Jake noticed something happening to Sally .
she was turning into one of them .
her skin was turning purple .
she was getting lots more likes .
I've gotta save her Jake thought .
he ran all the way back home .
he called the police .
and he called his mother and father .
and they all ran .
now Sally was a real alien .
and now she was climbing back into the spaceship with the aliens .
before they could reach the spaceship the spaceship took off .
and Sally was gone .
everybody in the whole country got on a spaceship and rocketed right after it .
soon they landed on a planet mars .
they could <> see Sally because they recognized her clothes .
they ran up to her .
then Jake saw something on the ground .
it was a message .
it said the only way to release the person .
you must bring them back to the land .
you must give us some of your treasure .
so Jake took his own <> mini spaceship back down .
he collected as much money as he could .
and he got back into his spaceship and rocketed off .
he didn't wanna get close to the aliens .
so he got a long long net and put the money in it .
then he pushed it through the window of the alien's house .
the aliens took it and released Sally .
she came out looking like the alien .
but when he reached her she turned back .
they climbed back in the spaceship and then went back down to earth .
the boy and the girl wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom said first she said we're going out to eat .
and then she said where do you wanna go ?
I wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and then the children quickly got in their car .
and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and then the girl said I want an icecream cone and chicken and soda .
and that's all .
and then the man said that will cost twenty twenty dollars and fifty cents .
and then her mother left the purse in the kitchen .
and they drove back home and took the purse .
and then they drove back to Mcdonalds .
when Sam woke up he went to the kitchen and make a pancake .
and then the egg broke .
and the milk got on the egg .
and then he went walking to school waiting for the bus .
and he was tying his shoes .
and then he ripped his shoes .
and he was sad .
and then the bus came .
and he was running to tell him to stop .
and then he gotta school but without the bus .
and then his teacher said why are you so late .
you cannot come in this school no more .
and then his family was sad .
a ship came from up from the moon .
and then they were <> eating .
and then the father's daughter whacked her daughter because she cannot go with them .
and then they were coming back from the ship .
and then they were flying back .
they were xxx and the mother and her daughter and dog .
and then they landed back to the moon .
Lisa and Raymond asked .
her mother <> said that they were going to eat out .
and she asked them where do you guys wanna eat out ?
then they both yelled Mcdonald .
and then they drove to Mcdonald .
they walked into the restaurant .
and Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then Raymond asked for a I don't know .
and the mom asked for a Big_Mac with a I don't know what kind she wanted .
and Lisa made up her mind .
and she wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the money money was twelve fifty .
and she looked inside her purse .
and she couldn't find the money which she left on the kitchen floor .
okay the boy he got up from bed .
he looked at the time .
and it was very late .
and he was having a bad day .
so he spilled his milk .
and he is looking at the clock .
and he was trying to go so fast with tying his shoes that he ripped his laces .
and the bus went out without him to school .
and the teacher she got mad at him because she is looking at her clock .
and she is just saying you're late .
some aliens came from outer space .
they came out .
then the dad is all look aliens .
and then the girl she wants to go and see them .
and the aliens are petting their dog or something .
and <> they are probably saying we come in peace .
they are at the park .
and the aliens are probably moving .
and she really wants to see the aliens .
the girl Lisa wanted a chocolate icecream cone and chocolate milkshake .
and mom ordered a salad .
and the mom left her purse at home .
that's it .
he's in bed and the alarm clock ring .
he hadta get up for school .
and when he was trying to get cereal he didn't look at the bowl when he was pouring the milk .
and it spilled .
and then he was trying to tie his shoe .
and the lace broke .
and he was after the bus .
and he missed his bus .
and then he was late because he hadta leave for school .
and he hadta walk to school .
the end .
these two kids were teenagers looked behind this bush .
and there was aliens .
and the woman wanted to go say hi .
but the boy didn't .
so they went and that's it .
uhuh .
the kids came home from school .
and their moms asked where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and the little girl didn't know what to order for .
but the mom and Raymond knew what to order .
and (9.) (6.) Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french fries and a big milkshake .
and and the little girl asked for a a burger and french fries a chocolate ice cream cone .
and the worker said it will be twelve dollars and twenty nine cents .
and when the mom reached out she didn't have her purse .
he woke up .
and (7.) what happened ?
he woke up .
he looked at the clock .
and he spilled the milk .
<> he got dressed and put his shoes on and broke his shoelace .
and then he got outside .
first put on his backpack then run outside .
and he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
first xxx the spaceship landed .
she saw .
and he saw .
and he was so scared .
and <> she couldn't wait to xxx them .
so she went by herself .
she met them .
and they had snacks food and drinks xxx .
she petted the little xxx .
and that girl xxx girl and said hello .
and then the boy came .
and then xxx xxx one .
then it was almost dark .
and they had a party .
and then they watch the sunset .
and they had a sleepover .
and then the next morning they said goodbye because they hadta leave .
when the mom got home on a tuesday night she asked the children that they were gonna go out for dinner that night .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Raymond ordered a cheeseburger +...
um I forget .
uh what should I say ?
: should I just say that and go on to this one ?
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone .
that's all I remember .
and then the person said that it was twelve dollars and ninety cents .
and the mother reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
and then she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter at the house .
once upon a time there was a boy named Ronald .
and he woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he was gonna be late for school if he didn't get ready fast .
and then he had cereal .
and he accidentally spilled the milk .
and then when he tried to tie his shoes the shoelace broke .
and when he tried to catch the bus it <> went to school before he could get on it .
and then when he gotta the school the person at the door told him that he was late .
and he hadta get to class .
the end .
once upon a time there were two kids .
and they went off looking somewhere .
and when they came to a clearing they saw a big u_f_o and aliens coming out of it with luggage .
and the little girl wanted to go out and say hi .
but the boy said that she should stay back and tried to get away .
but the girl held on to his wrist and pulled him into the clearing .
and they said hi to the aliens .
and the aliens were scared .
so they went back into the u_f_o .
and they flew away .
the end .
the mom tells the kids that they were going to eat out tonight .
and the kids shout Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Brooke ordered cheeseburger <> large vanilla shake .
the mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone a Big_Mac and soda .
and the clerk said that's twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom reached in her purse .
and she didn't see it because she left it on the counter .
one day a a boy woke up and noticed he was late .
he looked at the clock when he was pouring his cereal and spilled it .
he tied his shoes as quick as possible .
and he ran out .
and the school bus left .
he walked to school .
and the teacher told him that he was late .
one time a boy and girl went to the park and saw aliens .
and the boy told told the girl to to stop .
but the girl didn't listen .
and then the girl came and went out and waved at the alien .
the kids just got out of school .
and then they walk home .
and then her mother said I'm hungry .
where should we eat ?
and there were two kids .
the two kids to Mcdonalds .
and they went .
and they opened the door .
and they ordered some food .
and the clerk said that how much money was it .
the clerk said that the money was it .
and their mom didn't have enough money .
this boy <> woke up <> on his bed .
and then he got up .
and then he went to the table and got some cereal .
but he dropped his milk on the table .
and then he got ready and went .
and then his shoelaces ripped .
and and then he was running for the bus .
and and then he walked all the way to school .
some aliens came from space .
and then this girl saw them .
and then the the boy hold her hand say stop .
then the girl hold his hand .
and then the boy didn't wanna go over there because he thought <> those aliens were dangerous .
and the aliens had a alien dog .
and the girl and the boy were hiding on the bushes .
and then the boy alien came out .
and then he saw them .
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mother asked <> we're going out tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both said Mcdonalds .
their mom got in their car and drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
when they finally gotta the counter +/.
I forgot the rest .
I can't remember anything else .
one day Sam woke up .
and he had a terrible headache .
he couldn't think .
and when he went down to breakfast he couldn't think so good that he spilled the milk on his hand .
when he was tying his shoes the shoelace broke .
and when he got out the door he looked for the bus .
he looked to his right .
and he saw that the school bus was already going down the street .
he started to run to the school bus as fast as he can .
but the school bus was too fast .
when he gotta school he was late .
one day two kids <> went to the park and looked behind the bushes .
they saw a big yellow and orange spacecraft .
they looked what was coming out of it .
they saw aliens come out of it .
the girl wanted to go out .
and the boy pulled her back .
and then they went back home .
we're going out to dinner .
where do you wanna go ?
they yelled we wanna go to Mcdonalds .
they jump into the car .
and their mom drove us to the nearest Mcdonalds [*] .
when they gotta there uh uh +...
I forgot what [*] +...
I know what the [% sigh] +...
who's the one who did know one of the children who did know what he want ?
was that the boy for the girl ?
boy .
and he ordered a hamburger french fries and a icecream milkshake [*] .
they they talked to their mom about bringing the purse .
I don't know how to +...
this one when he wake up .
what ?
when when he wake up his timer didn't being right ?
and next he's looking at something .
and he's pour his milk on the table .
and then from getting from <> he tied his shoes [*] .
and he ripped them .
and then he missed the school bus .
and then his teacher said you're late .
is that true ?
I don't know this story .
I don't know how it goes .
I don't know .
I forgot .
uhuh .
well I don't know .
they excuse me were they going to a picnic for going play on the playground [*] ?
going for a picnic .
and then they went +...
they were behind a bush .
then a rocketship and some aliens came down .
and a dog .
that's it I guess .
I don't remember that much .
that they were going to Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and the wallet wasn't there .
I don't know .
a vanilla icecream cone and a chocolate one and a happy meal .
and their mom got salad .
I don't know .
he's getting out of bed .
he's eating breakfast .
and then tying his shoe .
and running after the bus .
xxx xxx xxx at school .
aliens .
and two people .
and a dog .
xxx xxx .
she's <> running towards the aliens .
she's bald .
they're bald .
bald .
the the xxx dog .
Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mother said we're going out to dinner tonight .
where would you like to eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds !
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and as they were walking to the restaurant Raymond and his mom knew what they were going to order .
but his sister didn't .
and when they got there their mother ordered a salad .
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
Lisa decided she wanted a happy meal with a coke .
and it costed twelve dollars [*] .
and the mother reached for her purse .
and noticed she forgot it at home on the kitchen table .
Jim woke up from bed one morning .
and tried to get some cereal .
and the milk went all over the table .
and then when it was time to go to school he left home .
and his shoelace broke on the way to the busstop .
so he hadta stop and try and fix it .
and then he just shoved it in his shoe and pulled it tight .
and the bus came by .
and he ran after it .
and when he gotta school Jim's teacher said you're late .
and he said well I missed the bus .
and I hadta walk .
and she said okay .
one day a new family from xxx moved in .
and two kids playing in the park saw this xxx land .
and his sister wanted to go see them .
but he held her back .
and they went to meet them and they were very nice .
and the the three kids played together .
they gotta go Mcdonalds [*] .
they forgot the money .
he woke up too early .
he spilled milk .
his shoelace is broke [*] .
he missed the bus .
<> and mom hadta take him .
aliens are coming .
they wanna see .
but the other one doesn't .
the mom left her purse .
the mom left her purse [% yelled] .
and the first kids ordered french fries a chocolate milkshake [*] .
and the girl ordered a icecream cone and a strawberry milkshake and and a strawberry icecream cone .
um that's enough talking .
her waked up in the morning [*] .
and and she went back down to get some breakfast .
and she makeded [: made] [* m:=ed] [* m:+ed] a mess [*] .
and and she went back upstairs to get her dress .
and she breaked her shoelace .
and and she forgot the bus .
so she hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] to walk there [*] .
and then she opened the door and go to school .
uhhuh .
the big space story .
the little boy that was cute .
that's the story I wanted to do .
uhhuh .
um hm: okay .
0 .
one time there was aliens come to to a planet .
and it was earth .
and they were happy .
and the little girl wanted to play with the little boy .
so so that's the story .
no no okay I'll tell my story .
we needta put a crown on a little boy .
and a big chair .
it's royaled@n for him [*] .
[>] yeah .
<> and his kingdom holding thing .
and his guards .
after school &*INV:mhm mom told the children that they were gonna go out .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they ran in the car [*] .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they went to say all the stuff that they were gonna eat .
and and mom didn't have her her purse .
they left it at the kitchen counter [*] .
the boy woke up .
and he went downstairs to pour milk in his cereal .
and he was tying his shoes .
and then the shoelace broke off .
and the bus left out with him .
and then he <> walked to school .
and he was going to school .
and he goes over to school .
one time people were coming out &*INV:mhm of the ship .
and the girl saw a dog .
and they were going over .
and the boy said stop .
and then they went over to meet someone after they went on the ship .
and then +/.
then they got back home .
she left her money on her kitchen table .
seven and Lisa couldn't get anything .
and +...
I don't remember the rest of it .
they're at Mcdonalds .
and they +/.
they they were talking to their mother .
um I don't remember .
he wakes up first .
then he pours some milk .
then his shoelaces snapped off .
then he had a +...
then he runned after the bus .
then he went to school .
[*] then he ask her for xxx .
and then he went inside school .
it was spider [*] .
that comed out of a ship .
and had a dog .
and a baby .
she smiles her face evil [*] .
mhm .
and she waves .
and then she pops a holes [*] .
hm: .
hm: .
they go .
and they look .
and the girl grabbed the boy's hand .
and she looks .
um nothing .
I don't know .
they were walking on grass .
and there was flowers and trees and grass and bushes .
and then clouds and blue skies and a table .
and I don't know anything else .
the guy was yelling .
and the girl put her hands on the bushes .
and she peeked .
and then the guy put his hands like this .
and then his leg was like this .
and this hand was like this .
and he had a belt on .
and he has pockets .
and the spaceship had a little yellow thing on top .
and the dog had a leash .
and the little girl was walking the dog .
and then the little girl smiled .
and she holded the mom's hand .
mhm .
and I don't know anything else .
.
they got too much food .
yeah too much .
too much ordered .
too much food .
well well I don't know the rest .
but I know the a little bit about it .
the girl ordered a a cheeseburger .
and and her mom just got a boring salad .
yeah boring because when I was when I was four I was tasting some drinking some salad dressing .
then I throw up .
that's all I tell you about [*] .
he was in bed .
he was pouring milk in his bowl .
spilled .
he was tying his shoes .
going to school .
and he meeted a lady .
she meet a lady [*] .
[^ sound effect like he is pretending to eat] no .
I wanna call this story <> I_was_going_to_school .
The_Alien_Man .
Alien_Man .
no that's that's the name of it .
one day the +...
I'll call them um uh +...
hm:: maybe we can call this guy what it he was name in was in the dragon story .
ackkkk@c I don't know .
but you can do it .
this aliens are going to be called Wondo .
uh I mean I don't know what I can call them .
I wanted to have a cool name like +...
let's call him chase .
and [*] this guy is called Max .
this is called Lindover [*] .
and now now you can now you can you can read it read it now .
and I just maked it up .
they were some octopus aliens there [*] .
and they had a hundred of legs [*] .
and they walked in the grass .
and they wanted to see them .
uh let me see what happens .
now what is happening to xxx ?
that's all .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
but their mother left her purse at home .
he got out of bed late .
he made a mess .
he broke his shoelace I definitely know that .
he missed the school bus .
he hadta walk to school .
I knew that already .
I don't know anything else .
uh I just don't know .
aliens come off a ship .
first of all I needta know their names first .
the girl peeped .
the boy was trying to pull her back .
the aliens landed .
and they came off the ship .
I don't know what else .
I think I know .
they came to sleep the aliens [*] .
xxx xxx xxx .
yeah that would be a good one .
I don't know what else .
when they got home from school they mother said we are going out Mcdonalds .
and they all Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
oops somebody's coming in .
well the mommy didn't had her purse [*] .
so she +...
and then I said they can go home and get it .
he was making his bed .
and then the dog jumped .
and he did like +...
yes and what is this story about ?
the bus and the person .
it was too late .
the bus was moving away .
right ?
I couldn't see the bus driver .
yes .
somebody was on a ship .
they got out .
and they saw that somebody screaming at him [*] .
so they ahhhhh@c [*] .
and then they were screaming at this girl said wait up [*] !
and then they ran out of the placeship [: spaceship] [* s:r] .
and then they saw them .
then they ran back on the ship .
but their spots this stuff [*] .
and they caught it in the ship .
and what is that guy on there waiting that put out his arm [*] ?
and then pulled it back .
said come in everyone .
it's starting to go .
go in .
and then they ran in the ship .
the door slammed shut .
on tuesday their mother asked if the kids wanted to go out to eat .
and and the kids both said together Mcdonalds [*] !
then they both hoped in the car [*] and drove to (3.) the nearest restaurant .
and and then her mother went oops I missed one oh I forgot her name +...
Lisa couldn't decide decide that she wanted Big_Mac or a happy meal [*] .
hm: I forgot the mother's name .
and then the mother and Raymond <> both knew what they want .
and Raymond want a cheeseburger .
her mother want a salad .
and then Raymond also wanted (4.) a a vanilla shake .
and then finally Lisa made up her mind .
she got a coke a vanilla icecream cone .
then I forgot what she also got .
and then the man said that'll be fifty dollars [*] .
[*] and then her mother reached down to grab her purse .
but when she tried to get it it was gone .
and so they drived back home grabbed the purse .
and then she paid for it grabbed the .
and then it's done .
the alarm clock woke James up .
he ran out of his room because it was time for school .
he would be late if he did not get ready because he had been sleeping for six hours .
when he got up to get his cereal he poured the milk so fast it went everywhere .
then when he tried to tie his shoe he was tying so fast that the shoelace broke .
so he decided to fix it by taping the shoelace back on .
he tied it carefully .
and then when he ran out to get the school bus it went by his house .
and so he decided to walk .
so when he gotta the classroom it was almost time for school to end .
so James told the teacher everything that happened .
the end .
once upon a time there was a boy named bobby and a girl named Susan .
and and Susan and bobby saw a u_f_o .
bobby did not wanna go .
but Susan really wanted to take a good look at them .
bobby said no way I'm not going .
but Susan just dragged him right over there .
and the aliens were friendly with them .
but they took everything that was there .
that was their special language .
and the other special language was to eat them .
so they cooked them .
bobby got away .
he did not save Susan because it was too late .
one of the aliens +...
he heard footsteps .
so bobby decided to take a back door .
he not save Susan because he did not wanna stay to get her out of the chamber .
she wanted to get out .
Susan +...
but the only reason she could not is she was in chambers [*] .
she needed to grab the key .
so bobby quickly grabbed a key threw it intinto the cage .
and then he started running off xxx back door of u_f_o [*] .
Susan quickly unlocked it and ran out with bobby .
they ran back home to tell it was true .
but when they got back u_f_o was clear vanished [*] .
the only thing there to prove it is the u_f_o dog .
but the u_f_o dog they could not see .
it was up in the tree .
so the mom and dad did not believe it .
and the end .
when they got home the mother told them do you wanna go out to eat [*] .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds [*] .
and that's all I know .
the boy got out of bed .
he ate some cereal .
he spilled some milk .
his shoelace ripped .
he was late for the bus .
he hadta walk home .
he hadta walk to school .
that's it .
they were playing at a park .
and they saw a spaceship .
and aliens were walking out of it .
and that's it .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school the mother said we're going out tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then they left the home <> got in the car drove to Mcdonalds [*] .
Lisa's brother and mother knew what to order .
Lisa did not .
Raymond wanted <> a cheeseburger <> a vanilla milkshake [*] .
and finally Lisa made up her mind about what she wanted .
she wanted an icecream cone a cheeseburger and a drink .
and the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and eighty nine cents .
when the mother reached to get the purse the purse wasn't there .
the mother realized that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
Max woke up one day .
he was late .
he looked at the +...
he went to the breakfast table .
he looked at the clock .
and he spilled his milk .
he hadta clean it up .
then when he was putting his shoes on his shoelace broke .
then after he fixed it he tried to catch the bus .
and then the bus left without him .
then he finally gotta school .
he was tardy very late .
one day <> James and Samantha were walking to the park .
they went when no one was in the park .
then they saw a spaceship land .
john thought hey this is a bad idea .
they might be bad .
and then Samantha said don't be silly silly .
they can't hurt us .
and they have a xxx after all .
so so they got lunch .
and they enjoyed the alien foods that they bring [*] .
then they went back home .
I can't remember it to go .
yes .
they went to Mcdonalds .
they got food .
they didn't get to get their food .
and that they left their money at home .
yes .
he went to bed .
he ate breakfast .
he tied his shoes went on the school bus and went to school .
Tom and Deecee went out for a walk .
they saw monster people .
they got really scared .
they ran back home .
but Lisa didn't wanna go back home .
she wanted to keep walking .
it was the good day .
and and I was playing football really good [*] .
I was playing something .
I got a a car .
and and I have friend named Christopher [*] .
and he come to my house .
and and Micheal was too [*] .
and my brother <> comes every day and Allen [*] .
he spilled the milk .
he then tie his shoes .
then it broke .
and he was playing football last night .
and he was good at the game .
and they were playing baseball .
xxx xxx .
and and he's go to sleep .
and he's broke his shoe [*] .
and he go for the bus .
and go on the bus .
and then the stuff .
and his bus wanted to leave .
the just [*] the octopus goes out .
and they were they were walking around because they had +...
and the octopus goes where where they going .
and that's the bench .
and the <> girl and the boy scared .
couldn't get his purse .
Mcdonalds .
uh don't know .
it was late .
and he spilled the milk .
and +/.
he broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] his shoelace [*] .
and the bus leaved .
and and don't know .
the teacher got mad .
uh I don't know .
those .
uh I don't know .
uh I don't know .
running .
.
nothing .
no you sure ?
no .
one day Raymond and Lisa came home .
their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds .
then they hoped into the car [*] .
then the mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
then when they got there Raymond ordered a milkshake &*INV:uhhuh and (9.) I forgot +...
their mother ordered salads .
and Lisa ordered some chocolate icecream .
eight and that's all I can remember .
they didn't have enough enough money to get the sister's food .
one day boy woke up [*] .
and he came down the stairs .
then he tried to make breakfast by hisself .
but then he got an accident [*] .
then when he was getting to school he was late .
[*] and he was so late that he broke his shoelace .
he was so late that he missed the bus .
he asked his mom to take him to school .
and she said yes .
no .
once there was a place .
and then some people came .
but a flying saucer landed .
one of them wanted some action .
and the other one was too scared .
aliens came out with an alien dog .
the alien dog looked scarier than the aliens .
but the aliens didn't see the people .
then they saw place where they can start to live [*] .
but the people they like to go there everyday .
so the aliens stole their place .
the aliens didn't even know about the people .
they said to each other how could we get there with all those aliens there .
they said I don't know .
then come on let's see and figure out a way .
oh no I won't go the boy said .
but the girl said yeah let's go .
it's too dangerous .
aww@c come on don't be scared .
so they tried to figure out a way how to get there [*] .
but once they came up with a plan .
if we do something first and make something to get them then we could have our spot back they said .
so they tried their idea .
their idea worked .
and they lived happily ever after .
I forgot the first part .
I remember the Mcdonalds part .
they couldn't get their food because their mom didn't have her purse [*] .
and they went to Wendys .
hm: I remember the Mcdonalds part .
I'm thinking .
I think that is all I know .
once Ash got up from his nap .
and his Pikachu was gone .
so it dot took him by Team_Rocket [*] .
and he went to go get it with his best buddies Brock and Misty .
and he hadta fight them with his Pokemon .
and he also had a Gengar which is ninety hit points .
and it was a diffuse type .
so he went to find Team_Rocket with his Pidgeotto .
that's the end of the story .
once some persons went to the some place [*] .
and there was some aliens going into the spaceship .
and there was this table dog .
and one girl want go with those guys .
and the other guy said no you can't .
they're going to outer space .
that's all .
no .
Lisa Raymond talked back to mother [*] .
they're talking with their mother at home home .
and they're talking about going Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and they got something to eat .
Lisa got a chocolate shake and a hamburger and icecream &*INV:uhhuh and coke .
and Raymond got a hamburger coke a chocolate shake chocolate [*] .
and that's all .
a boy wakes up .
and then took some cereal .
<> the milk spilled .
and then the shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] broke .
he trying to tie his shoe .
but the <> shoetie [: shoelace] [* s:r] broked [: broke] [* m:+ed] .
and the bus was leaving .
and he is it a he or a she ?
[ he hadta <> walk to school &*INV:uhhuh instead of ride the bus .
the teacher was waiting by the door .
that's all .
a alien +...
he's a dinosaur .
and dinosaur try eat the alien [*] .
the alien didn't let the dinosaur eat him .
and the tree hit the dinosaur .
the t-rex .
and the dinosaur fell down .
and the alien hit him .
and and then the alien drew a spaceship on him [*] .
and then xxx .
it hurt the Tyrannosaurus_Rex .
and then a dragon came .
and the dragon blew fire at the alien .
the end .
after they went to school their mother said we're going out to eat [*] .
where you wanna out to eat [*] ?
they wanna go Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
and then Lisha she didn't know what she wanted .
she didn't want +...
then their brother ordered a a +...
their mother ordered a salad .
and then Lisha ordered a a happy meal .
and the brother ordered a it was [*] +...
and then the man say how much it costs .
and then their mother left the money down at the house on the calendars .
he waked up .
and then it was time for for breakfast .
and then he ate breakfast .
and he look at the time .
and then he spilled it .
and then he was tying his shoes til they got not broken [*] .
until he missed the bus .
and he hadta walk .
and then his teacher came out .
then he was late .
he was late for school .
once there's a spaceship .
and then they moved into a real world .
til til her brother said +...
she got happy .
and then she run out .
until she wanna see some aliens .
and then she got excited .
her brother got not excited [*] .
and then the aliens sign .
and then they left them here until they moved into a real world .
their daughter she found a puppy .
and then next her mom got excited to live here .
and then they'res [: they're] [* m:+s] gonna stay here forever [*] .
until in the morning they're gonna leave .
and then when they leave they went out in space .
and until next her mom said this is a great place to live at [*] .
and her daughter got excited .
and she wanna stay here forever .
but they're gonna leave in the morning .
and then when they leaved in the morning they went back into their spaceship until when they went and tell her sister with the playground [*] .
she got upset .
and then she missed those aliens until her brother got excited once they were gone .
I don't know .
they had no money .
and and the money was at their house .
and they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
they said yes when they were to go to lunch there [*] .
then their mom bought them salad .
and the boy wanted a vanilla icecream .
and he wanted coke .
and the girl wanted happy meal toy and I mean happy meal .
and then she wanted coke .
so they need twelve <> dollars the man said .
and then their mom forgot her purse with twelve dollars in it .
once there's a little boy waking up .
and clock said it was time to go to school .
and then he poured milk into his cup .
but it spilled out .
and it was time for school .
his his shoeties [: shoelaces] [* s:r] broke apart when he was trying to tie them .
and then the bus came to hims [: his] house [*] .
and then he was behind .
and the bus just leaved .
and then he just walked to school .
and the lady said it was too late .
once there was a ship .
it looked like a alien spaceship .
an everyone looked like octopuses with face on them like aliens [*] .
some persons walked by the bushes .
they saw something .
and the man was scared .
and the lady said oh cool .
and then there was a fancy looking dog .
and all the other ones were in the ship .
and then they were gonna blast off .
Mcdonalds and the kids and the food and the icecream .
that's all I can remember .
they couldn't get in the car ?
well he woke up .
his clock rang .
he made a big mess at the table when he gotta eat breakfast .
he was tying on his shoe .
and the school bus left without him .
so he went to school all by himself without it .
there was some kids .
they were behind the bush .
they saw this yellow thing came down [*] .
and aliens came out of it .
it was so cool .
they went back home and told their mom and dad .
is that the end ?
so they went home and showed their mom and dad for theirself [: themselves] [*] .
is that the end ?
what did the kid want ?
what did ravy want ?
I forgot .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
that's the only thing I know .
the kid waked [: woke] [* m:=ed] up .
it was late .
and the kid looked at the clock .
and he was almost late for school and the school bus [*] .
he tried to tie his shoe .
but he broke the stringlace [: shoelace] [* s:r] .
he went and tried to get the bus to stop .
and and the teacher said he was late .
there was a spaceship coming to earth .
and the girl and a boy thought that those were aliens .
and the aliens went somewhere .
and a girl and a boy saw aliens .
that's all .
they had a picnic .
and after when the picnic was done they hadta sleep there .
they went back to the ship and flied [: flew] [* m:=ed] back to the earth .
and they went back in space .
there's um gee darn_darn_darn_darn_darn_darn@o +...
they wanted to go out and eat .
and they went out and eat .
little boy he ordered french fries and a large hamburger and a milkshake .
and so did the girl .
and the mom accidentally left her change at home .
and then she hadta borrow some .
once there was a little boy .
he was sleeping in his bed .
and he went to go eat his breakfast and accidentally took the string out of his shoe and accidentally broke [*] .
and then he tried to go to school with the bus .
but the bus leaved already .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then the teacher said he was late .
once upon a time a little boy and a girl .
they saw this ship .
<> and the girl wanted to go in it .
and (5.) the boy said no .
they tried to go .
and there was aliens coming .
weird squid .
seven and the aliens come from the sky .
and then they came out of the ship and saw +...
and didn't see the humans .
and then +...
when the little squid he saw this little donkey or a dog .
it was a dog .
and he saw it .
and he got a handle .
and he got it for his pet .
the end .
they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
they +/.
the girl wanted to have a icecream .
and the boy wanted to have a cheeseburger with fries .
and the mom wanted to have some salad .
she forgot her money back at the kitchen desk .
and then when she looked in her bag .
and nothing was there [*] .
there's a guy who who woke up at +...
and he's looked at his clock .
and then he maked his breakfast .
<> and he accidentally spilled a lot .
and when he Ated his breakfast he didn't look from the mug so that was an accident [*] .
he was trying to tie his shoes while he accidentally broke the string .
and then when he was going to the bus so he missed the bus [*] .
and when he walked to his school he the +...
so he he was late .
some aliens came to earth .
and then they came out .
and then the people were scared .
and the boy was scared .
and the girl wanted to take her .
and then the boy didn't wanna .
he wanted to go home .
and the girl wanted to stay .
and their had one two three four five six seven eight eight legs [*] .
and they have purple spots .
and also the girl thought the aliens were cool .
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were gonna go out to eat .
and at the same time they yelled +...
their mom asked them where they wanted to eat .
and at the same time they yelled Mcdonalds .
and at the end of the story their mom didn't have their purse .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and the mom knew exactly what they wanted to get .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french_fries and a large vanilla shake .
and their mom just got a salad .
and then Lisa remembered what she wanted to get .
and she got a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
The_Bad_Day .
a boy named Austin forgot to set his alarm clock one day .
and he woke up late .
and then he didn't have much time to get ready for school .
so he ran downstairs and got him some cereal .
but he spilled the milk all over the table instead of the bowl because he was looking at the clock instead of watching how much milk he was pouring .
then he went back upstairs and got dressed .
once he was done getting dressed he went downstairs and was <> about to tie one of his shoes .
and the shoelace broke .
and so he couldn't tie them very well .
and then when he went outside to get the bus he missed it .
and he was tryin(g) to run after it .
but it didn't see him .
so he was late .
and then he <> ran to school like probably .
and he was late .
and the principal told him that he was late .
so he probably got in trouble .
The_Aliens_And_The_Kids .
one day two kids named Jill and Tommy were outside playing in the park .
and a a alien ship from Mars came down .
and aliens walked out .
and Jill wanted to go see them .
but Tommy didn't .
he was afraid that they would do something .
so Jill pulled him as hard as she could to get him to come with her .
and they introduced theirselves [: themselves] .
and the alien family was really nice .
they played with the alien family for the whole day until it was dark .
and then the next day they met again and started to play all the time .
the mother said we're going to go out to eat .
and she asked her children what they wanted to eat .
the children <> yelled out Mcdonalds .
the two children jumped into the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
her brother and her mother knew both what they wanted .
her brother wanted a Big_Mac french_fries and a chocolate chip milkshake .
his mother wanted a Big_Mac french_fries and a soda .
and Lisa had icecream .
and it was vanilla .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars .
and the mother realized her purse was on on the kitchen counter at home .
okay Marvin woke up late because he didn't have his clock ready .
he got up didn't get dressed .
but he went to go eat some cereal .
he put cereals in the bowl .
Marvin poured the milk in the bowl .
and it splattered everywhere .
after Marvin made the mess he cleaned it up went in his room to go get dressed .
Marvin got his shirt his pants on and then his shoes .
he tried tying his shoe .
and then one of his laces broke .
and he got angry .
so he tied it anyway .
Marvin got his backpack gave his mom a kiss and a hug and went outside for the bus .
but Marvin was too late .
the bus had left .
Marvin hadta walk to school .
Marvin saw his teacher .
and and she was holding her arm and pointing at her watch .
and she said you are late .
and Marvin was very sad .
okay Here_Comes_New_People_In_Town .
that's the title of my story .
Andy and David were walking to a park .
and a alien ship fell in the middle of the park .
a family of aliens walked out of the ship .
they had a pet .
and and Andy and David were surprised and scared .
David told Andy don't go near them .
but Andy wanted to make friends with them .
but David said no .
but Andy start pulling David .
and Andy went over there by herself since David didn't wanna go .
Andy introduced herself to them .
Andy wasn't that scared .
so she said there was nothing wrong to her brother .
and then they went home .
and they went home to tell their mother and their father that there was new people coming into town .
and that's it .
Lisa and Robert asked their mother they wanted what to eat Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Robert <> wanted a hamburger and a large order of fries .
and Lisa wanted a cheeseburger and fries .
when they gotta Mcdonalds their mother ordered a large cheeseburger and a drink with vanilla shake .
and it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
suddenly there was a problem .
she reached down for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
she noticed that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
Matt raise out of bed for school .
he he went in the kitchen to fix some breakfast .
but he was about ten minutes late from school .
he went in his room and tied his shoes .
he he <> missed the bus .
and by the time he gotta school there was a problem with the teacher .
he was late for school .
Martha and her dad was going to the park for for a picnic .
before they gotta the picnic table aliens rushed to the table to have their picnic first .
so they sat on the ground and had their picnic .
one alien was still trapped in the ship .
a girl had a dog and had her mom's hand .
the dad was packing suitcases .
and the brother was still in the ship .
Martha's dad was scared .
she thought it was fun .
but there was still a problem .
and the park was safe and sound .
there's a mom .
and she has a boy named Raymond and a little girl named Lisa .
and she asked them where they wanted to go eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and so they get +...
while they're driving Raymond doesn't know if he wants a kidsmeal or a Big_Mac .
but Lisa and her mom both know what they want .
when they get there Lisa orders a cheeseburger french_fries vanilla milkshake and a vanilla icecream cone .
their mother orders a salad .
and Raymond orders a kidsmeal french_fries vanilla milkshake and a vanilla icecream cone .
and when the clerk says it's five something they find out that they left their money on the kitchen counter at their house .
there's a little boy named Josh .
and when he gets up for school he looks at his clock .
and he looks at his clock .
and he's late .
he gets up brushes his teeth runs into the kitchen starts making breakfast as fast as he can .
then he was about to go outside when he notices he hasta get dressed runs back into his room puts on a long sleeved shirt and jeans puts on his socks and shoes starts tying his shoes when his shoelace brakes .
<> he ties it as_well_as he can with that and <> grabs his backpack runs outside .
when he runs out the schoolbus is past his house .
he runs after the schoolbus until he reaches school .
when he gets there the principal was standing outside and is <> mad at him for being late for school .
once there was boy named Jake and his little sister Catherine .
they liked exploring the forest behind their house in the park .
so one day when they were walking through the park they found something in the sky far away .
Daniel got scared .
Lisa wanted to see what it was .
she started going closer .
then it started to land .
and there was a little door that opened .
Lisa was very excited .
Daniel was starting to run away when Lisa grabbed his arm and pulled him back and said lets find out what's in there .
it could be a new hair brushing kit .
and Daniel kept telling Lisa that they should go home .
Lisa I mean +...
Lisa kept walking closer and closer and pulling Daniel along behind her .
all of a sudden the door opened and out came these octopus looking aliens with luggage and a lot of legs .
there was a little girl one .
and she was holding a dog .
there was a mother a big sister and a father .
Daniel got even more scared .
Lisa went up and met them .
they soon became very <> great friends .
and they lived as next door neighbors .
tuesday tuesday night <> Lisa and Raymond [% (6.)] +...
I don't remember how the first part started .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered stuff .
but their mama left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and they went home .
one morning when mike got up he fixed hisself a bowl of cereal .
but he spilt the milk .
can I start over ?
one morning as mike woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up he went downstairs to fix hisself a bowl of cereal .
he spilt the milk because he was having a bad day .
when he tries to go to school he missed the bus .
his shoes were untied .
and he fell .
when he finally reached school he was late .
and (6.) he just went to class .
this story is called The_Alien_Family .
one afternoon Michael and Lisa were running through the park .
they saw a big spaceship .
they couldn't believe their eyes .
but when the people got out Michael and Lisa ran .
they said that it was aliens .
they couldn't believe it .
so they ran back home to get their mom and dad .
and the family went through the park to find the aliens .
the aliens spoke .
but Michael and Lisa didn't know what they were saying .
so they just made friends and lived happily ever after .
the story was +...
Lisa and the boy they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa ordered chicken .
and the boy ordered cheeseburger .
and the mother ordered a Big_Mac .
and the girl wanted vanilla icecream cone .
and then the boy want a vanilla shake .
he got out of bed .
then he looked at the time .
yeah .
and then he put his shoes on .
and then he ran to the bus .
and then he gotta school .
this girl is pulling the boy's hand to come back .
and this boy is behind the girl waiting for the girl to go farther .
and there's a boy behind .
the boy is following the girl's hand .
well no .
okay .
on tuesday Raymond and Lisa wanted to go +...
their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
and their mom asked her when they said Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't make up her mind what to get .
and Raymond knew just what to get .
so did his mom .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind and had a chocolate icecream <> cone and french_fries and a cheeseburger .
and then when Raymond and his mom ordered a cheeseburger and french_fries and large milkshake .
and then the clerk said that it was twelve fifteen .
and then the mom <> went down and looked for her purse .
and it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left it at at home on the counter .
there was a boy that slept in too long .
and he forgot that it was time for school .
he only had a little bit .
and then he went downstairs to get some breakfast .
and he spilled milk all over .
and then he went upstairs to go change .
and then he got his bookbag on and then went outside .
and he was late for the bus .
and the bus just passed .
and then he went back home .
and he got some things .
and then he walked walked to school .
and he was a little bit late .
and then he told told the teacher that he was sorry that he was late because he slept in too long .
(8.) and then he went to school .
once there was a boy and a girl .
they were gonna go to the park for a little bit and play .
and and then they went over .
and they were behind a bush .
and then they saw four aliens and a alien dog .
and then the boy said don't go over there .
and the girl just wandered over there and say hi or something .
and the boy was telling her not to .
<> and he was grabbing her to take her back .
but she just wanted to go over and do something to them .
and the aliens were saying hi and stuff .
they were +...
and the boy thought they were really scary .
and they went .
and they came out of the ship from from somewhere .
and then the boy finally got the girl .
and then the aliens and the alien dog finally after they played and all that they went back in their ship .
they went far far away .
and the girl got sorta mad .
but then they finally went back home and told their parents .
and they didn't do anything .
and they didn't believe .
so and then they never came back again .
when when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother got home and said <> we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go to eat ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they went to the <> closest Mcdonalds .
and when they got in there their mother said what do you want ?
and Lisa says I don't know if I should pick a happy meal or what ever else she said .
and then Raymond said he was picking a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mom was ordering a salad .
and then finally Lisa made up her mind to get a happy meal a coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and it all totaled twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and their mom had left the purse at home .
and that was the problem because she didn't have her purse .
and she couldn't pay for it .
Alan Alan woke up .
and it was past the time he usually woke up in the morning .
and he hadta go to school that morning .
so when he went out to pour his breakfast he was pouring the milk into the cereal .
and it splatted everywhere .
then as Alan went to tie his shoes the shoelace broke off .
and he was very mad and frustrated because he had woken up at the wrong time spilled milk all over the counter .
and his shoelace had fallen off .
when he went outside to try and catch the bus the bus was already there and had left a little ways .
Alan was running running very fast after the bus .
and so since he didn't catch the bus he hadta walk to school .
and when he got at school the teacher said your time is very late .
the end .
Marie and Benjamin were walking through the woods on a trail that they usually walked through in the afternoon after they got home from school .
when they were walking on the trail they heard a very weird loud noise .
when they were hiding behind the bushes to see what it was they saw that it was a very big and yellow and orange and red spaceship that was landing .
when the door opened to the spaceship purple doted aliens came out of the spaceship .
uh I don't remember the names .
what did I say .
well Michelle wanted to go and meet these aliens with their alien dog .
but Benjamin said no no we can't go see strangers and aliens that have just come out of a very weird spaceship .
so Michelle decided that she would go back home and tell their parents .
and when they told their parents their parents wanted them to show them the trail that the aliens came out of .
when they showed them the trail they walked down and hid behind the bushes .
and sure enough they could all see that there were aliens had landed .
and a huge spaceship that was there .
the end .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond +...
they went to Mcdonalds .
they was happy because their mother said that they was going out to eat .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't make up her mind what she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
and finally Lisa made up her mind .
Lisa ordered a happy meal with fries coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
Raymond ordered a Big_Mac fries with a large vanilla shake .
their mother ordered a salad .
and the clerk told them that it was twelve ninety nine .
and when their mother reached for her purse she realized it wasn't there .
she realized that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Thomas .
he was sleep .
he heard the clock ring .
but he woke up late .
when he got up he went to the kitchen to make his breakfast and everything went wrong .
he put the cereal in the bowl poured the milk .
and the milk wasted .
then when he put on his clothes he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace had broken .
then when he was walking for the school bus he figured that he would get there early .
but when he got there the school bus had already drove off .
and he gotta school late .
and his teacher said next time get here early .
one day there was a boy and a girl .
their names were Brittany and Jamere .
they went to the park to have the picnic .
and all of the sudden they saw a spaceship land in the middle of the forest .
they ran to the bushes as fast as they could .
and what they saw were a family of octopus .
and they were so afraid except for Brittany .
she wanted to go say hi and touch their pet .
but her brother Jamere wouldn't let her .
he said no no don't go .
and she held onto his hand grabbing him telling him to go forward .
but they never did .
until that day forward Brittany had always remembered that day .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said that they were gonna eat out .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat out .
and Raymond and Lisa both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to order .
she was deciding between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mom already knew what they wanted to order .
Raymond ordered a hamburger and french_fries with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
then Lisa decided to have a happy meal with a chocolate milkshake .
the clerk said it would be twelve dollars .
and their mom was gonna reach for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she left the purse on the kitchen counter .
one day +...
a boy named john woke up .
and his alarm didn't go off when it was sposta .
so he thought he was gonna be late for school .
then he went to his kitchen and had breakfast .
and it was cereal and milk .
and he spilled some milk on the table and on the floor .
then when he was done with breakfast he got dressed .
and he was tying his shoe when the strap broke .
so he decided just to go outside to the school bus where it would be waiting for him .
and when he got outside the school bus was already starting to go away .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and when he finally gotta school he was late .
one day Samantha and peter were on a camping trip with their family .
and they decided to walk down a trail when they saw a clearing .
and then they saw something up in the sky .
and the thing landed .
and out came a little boy a girl and another boy with a a little animal .
Samantha wanted to go take a better look .
but peter thought that they should run away and tell their parents so their parents could figure out who the people were .
but Samantha didn't listen and started to go .
but then peter grabbed her and told her that they they probably should go back to the campsite .
so Samantha finally gave up going to go and see who the people were and said okay let's go back and tell our parents .
the end .
yesterday we came home from school .
and our mother asked we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you like to eat ?
both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Alice couldn't make up her mind what she wanted .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Roberto and and his mom both know what they wanted .
so when he gotta the counter he told the clerk one cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mother told them a salad .
finally Allison figured out what she wanted .
she told the clerk a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
the clerk said twelve fifty please .
when the mother went to look in her purse she realized that she didn't have the money .
she realized that that she had left it on the kitchen counter .
one morning I got up .
then I got up .
and I went in the kitchen and poured some cereal in a bowl and poured my milk .
but my milk had poured all over the place .
then after I ate my breakfast I went into my bedroom got dressed .
and I was tying my shoes .
and one of my shoelaces came off .
then by the time I got ready I had missed my school bus .
so I had walked a long long time to school .
and I had walked a really really long time to school .
finally I gotta school .
my teacher met me outside the door .
she said you're late .
I think you needta go to the office and get a tardy slip .
so I went into the office got a tardy slip .
and after that my day was worse than it was this morning .
one day (8.) a boy and a girl went walking walking to the park .
then all of a sudden they saw this picnic .
then they were gonna sit on the ground .
but then all of a sudden they saw this picnic table .
they were running over there .
and then all of a sudden they stopped .
and they looked up to the sky .
and they saw this thing floating in the air .
they hid behind the bushes .
the girl said lets go check them out .
lets go check this thing out when it landed .
then the boy kept holding her back and saying no no lets stay here lets stay here .
but the girl kept forcing him to come on .
then all of a sudden the spaceship door opened .
and out came three aliens and an alien dog .
he said whoa look at that .
I think we should stay here .
and she kept on saying no no no no .
so finally the boy gave up and went with her .
then they met the family .
and they didn't think that they could speak english .
but they did .
and the boy and the girl asked why did you come to earth ?
they said where do you live ?
and they told them that they lived on mars .
then they said why did you come here ?
why did you come to earth ?
and they said for a vacation .
the boy and the girl said at the same time well where are you gonna stay ?
they said we're gonna stay here in this beautiful hotel .
and the boy and the girl said this isn't a hotel .
this is a park .
they said a park ?
what the heck is a park ?
they said a park is where kids go have fun run off and just be kids .
they're all oh okay .
so the little alien girl said mom can I go run around have some time like they said at the park ?
the mom and dad said no .
and the little alien girl said why not .
the parents said because we wanna explore it .
and we want you to be here when we see new things and exciting things .
the little alien girl said okay .
they walked off in the park .
and the spaceship left .
they found a place underneath a tree [% clears throat] behind the bushes where they were at the first time .
then that's where they were gonna stay .
the little boy and the little girl stayed there until the aliens got settled .
then after that everyday that the aliens were there the boy and the girl went back to play with the little girl and the alien dog .
Raymond and Lisa's mother asked them where they wanted to go out to dinner .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and the vanilla milkshake .
her mother looked in her purse .
and she realized that she left her purse [% phone ringing] on the kitchen counter [% phone ringing] .
and that was it .
john looked at his clock .
and he only had a couple minutes to go before school started .
he <> hurried up , ran downstairs , and poured his milk .
but he forgot the cereal .
so he poured the milk back into the container put the cereal in the bowl , poured the milk again but he spilt it all over the table .
he cleaned it up .
the clock .
oh no he said I only have one minute to catch the bus .
he started crying .
then he ran back upstairs , put his clothes on as quickly as can be , ran back downstairs , got his shoes , put them on .
he was ripping his shoelaces so hard trying to put it on .
and they snapped .
he decided just not to tie his shoes at all .
when he was running out his shoes were slipping .
he decided to wear different shoes .
he ran back upstairs , got a different pair of shoes , put those on , and tied them without so much pulling and tugging .
he ran outside .
the bus was leaving .
he ran to school .
by the time he got there his teacher was standing right outside the door .
his teacher asked john where were you ?
and she goes I woke up late .
and I just was having problems .
I'm not having a very good morning .
and she said get inside or you won't be having a very good afternoon either .
john went inside .
and he ended up having a fine day except going to bed .
he couldn't go to bed .
Sarah heard the phone ring .
she answered it .
it was a squeaky voice .
it was her friend .
well that's what the person said at least .
she said hi Sarah this is Michelle .
my family's having a picnic .
would you like to come ?
and she's like why is your voice so squeaky ?
oh my phone isn't working very well .
and she's like bring your brother Shane along .
my brother David will be there .
so they told their parents .
and they went outside .
they looked .
they were walking there .
and suddenly over the bush they saw an alien family and a flying saucer .
but it was landed .
someone was waving goodbye from the saucer .
Shane wanted to hide behind the bush and sneak away home .
but Michelle said oh how bad can these aliens be .
they have two arms and just a couple more legs than we do .
a couple more Shane said .
about lets just say fifty more .
and she's like oh come on Shane .
she grabbed Shane .
and they went .
the aliens had the squeaky voice .
the same voice she heard that that said this was Michelle , Sarah's friend .
so Sarah said where's my friend Michelle .
they pointed to a little girl .
that's not my friend Michelle unless you're in your halloween costume because halloween's not until next month .
well , no no I'm your friend Michelle .
I've been watching you .
all those phone calls you got that I have been talking to you .
those weren't from any of your friend Michelle .
that wasn't from your friend Michelle that's here on earth with you .
that was from me .
and I'm like I have a friend alien ?
I don't think so .
I haven't even met you before .
Sarah screamed .
the alien put their hand over it .
don't worry .
we won't hurt you .
we come in peace .
and then she said what are you doing here ?
well we hear your family has some problems .
and she's like no , no problems in a mysterious way .
well said Michelle the alien then how come you're so sad and always cry in the bathroom .
I don't do that Michelle said .
David started laughing .
Sarah told David to be quiet .
she's talking to this alien .
so David was quiet .
and he's like well that's not even true .
Sarah's standing there and she's like yes it is .
you're sad because your aunt might die .
she's like well she might .
but I wasn't crying in the bathroom .
I'm not trying to embarrass you .
it's natural to cry .
and she's like you're an alien .
how do you know anything ?
she's like aliens have feelings too .
suddenly Sarah noticed a little llama llama but dog type animal .
said what in the world is that thing that you're holding with a leash ?
oh this is my pet <> Grucchi she said .
Grucchi , what type of animal is that ?
it's a <> dogape@n .
a dogape@n ?
what's a dogape@n ?
it's a dogape@n .
it's a pet .
Sarah's very confused .
now she was thinking this can't be true .
so she grabbed their head .
but nothing came off except a speck of skin .
Sarah was <> very scared now .
the saucer was gone .
and they put all their luggage down .
are you moving here she said nervously ?
of course we are .
we like it down in here on earth .
we wanna <> meet some of you earthlings .
but but we're different than you .
we only have two legs .
and we don't have dogapes@n .
we have dogs .
and she's like oh I won't hurt you .
we both have two arms , five fingers and one head .
I'm sure we'll be fine together .
we could be best friends .
<> suddenly Sarah said where's my friend Michelle ?
(2.) Michelle she's at her house watching tv .
well that's what she was doing when I got into the saucer .
well I'm leaving .
and she's like don't leave yet .
we wanna come with you .
<> she's like never .
so David and <> Sarah ran home .
they told their parents .
their parents said oh it's probably just some crazy person dressing up .
but but I tried to grab their head off and only skin came off Sarah said nervously and sort of angry that her parents wouldn't believe her .
come here and I'll show you .
when they got back there the aliens were gone .
they went to every house in the neighborhood .
and finally at Michelle's house there were the aliens .
well Michelle her friend's house .
but Michelle the alien lived there too .
and her family was there .
but she didn't have her brother for David to play with .
she said she <> remembered what she said .
why did I hafta bring David ?
you don't have a brother .
xxx of course I do Grucchi .
my dogape@n is my brother .
David shouted well I'm never gonna be friends with a dogape@n .
I'm never gonna be friends with any alien or alien pet .
and they're like but why are you at Michelle's house ?
oh because we knew this this was the only place you would go .
their parents were now with them .
their parents , Michelle , David were all shocked in <> terror .
they couldn't get rid of these aliens .
suddenly the the aliens took off their skin .
and they were regular people .
in fact they were Michelle's cousins .
Sarah had met them before but just once .
and she's like you're regular people ?
then how come when I tried to take off our skin .
these aren't special things .
we got them at the costume store in California where we live .
here up in Ohio they don't have any good costumes .
and what about that dogape@n thing ?
oh this is just mechanical .
what about the saucer ?
I work at a space space thing .
then how come the saucer wasn't there anymore ?
it has wheels .
it it didn't seem very clear to Sarah .
but I guess she hadta believe it .
she didn't know if she wanted to believe it .
but she tried .
she went home wondering .
she never really did ever believe in aliens until now at least .
she wondered if there really was such thing as aliens .
and they were really alien in a costume as a human .
that night Sarah couldn't go to sleep .
finally she went to sleep .
but she never forgot that day with the aliens .
okay on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said they were going to go eat out .
she asked them where they wanted to eat .
and the kids said Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't remember what she wanted to eat .
Raymond and the mom already knew what they wanted to eat .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla shake .
their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the Mcdonalds guy said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mom reached in her purse to get out the money the purse was at home on the kitchen counter .
the boy woke up .
and he was late .
and he hurried to eat breakfast .
and he <> spilled all over the table .
when he went to get dressed <> he tied his shoes .
and his shoelace broke .
and he was late for the schoolbus .
and he got late for school .
<> and the teacher told him he was late .
one sunday morning Jan and David went walking through the forest .
they walked all the way to the park .
and all of a sudden they heard strange noises .
and soon aliens came down .
Jan wanted to go say hi to them .
but David thought it was a real bad idea .
then Jan pulled David .
and <> they went up to the alien .
the aliens talked to them .
and they were very nice .
the aliens let Jan and David pet their dog .
then Jan and David went home and told their mom and dad .
but the mom and dad didn't believe them .
the end .
Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mother <> asked them about what they thought about eating out .
and they said that they should go eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
their mother had a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
their mother didn't have their purse .
so they couldn't pay for it .
Tim woke up on monday morning .
he woke up to find that he had broken one of his stuffed animals .
then while he was pouring milk into his bowl he spilled it while looking at the clock .
then when he tried to tie his shoes <> one of the laces broke off .
he didn't seem to be able to do anything right that morning .
he was late <> on the school bus .
when he walked to school he was very late .
he had learned a valuable lesson .
no .
Dan and Rachel went to the park one fine saturday day .
it was very sunny .
they were looking for a special flower for their mother for it was Mothers_day .
and they peered through the bushes .
they heard a faint sound .
it was coming closer and closer and closer .
they peaked over the bushes .
it was a u_f_o .
when it touched the ground aliens came out an alien girl with a dog an alien mother holding the girl's hand and an alien father .
Rachel wanted to see them .
but instead Dan tried to pull her away .
Dan was afraid that they were enemies .
but Rachel knew that they were not .
Rachel pulled Dan as hard as she could .
and then finally with the last tug she got him off the ground .
she ran over to the aliens to greet them .
but they only said a different language .
she couldn't understand .
then the dog barked and growled .
and the girl screamed .
the father took out a very very very big gun and almost shot at them .
but they were scared enough .
so they ran and ran all the way home .
they told their mother .
and their mother said why don't you look in the library to see stuff about u_f_os .
and so they did .
they found a book with pictures of real u_f_os .
they found a picture of that very same ship with the dog the girl the mother and the father coming out .
they decided that they should think about things before they run over or to look at them .
on tuesday their mom came home .
and she asked Lisa and Raymond where they wanted to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't remember what to order .
um I think a +...
I'm not sure what she wanted .
and she +...
and Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a kid's happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it all costed [: cost] [* m:=ed] twelve dollars .
their mom came home and she looked for her purse .
and she didn't know where it was .
and then she said I left it on the kitchen counter .
so that's the end of the story .
a boy woke up from bed .
his name was Michael .
he woke up and spilled his milk on his cereal .
and he was kind of sad because of that .
he broke a shoelace .
and he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was late and upset .
his teacher might have yelled at him .
a boy and a girl named Michael and Julie were walking on a path .
they were trying to find a picnic table to eat their lunch .
but they saw some smoke .
and they didn't know what it was .
so they went over to it .
and it was a spaceship .
and aliens started getting off .
they were kind of scared .
but Michael almost ran .
but Julie grabbed his hand and wanted to +...
this thing .
Michael wanted to go .
but Julie wanted to stay and see the aliens .
and Julie thought it was kind of cool .
so she grabbed Michael's hand .
and she was gonna go see him .
but then they heard a loud screeching noise .
and they didn't know what it was .
so they ran home and told their parents of what they had found .
and they tried to get back .
but something was in the way .
and so they couldn't go .
and their parents didn't believe them .
so they never saw the aliens again .
all right there was a girl Lisa and Raymond .
and their mother asked they were gonna go eat out and what they wanted .
and they both said Mcdonalds and jumped in the car .
and when they got there Lisa was debating whether to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond and the mother already knew what they want .
so Raymond ordered his vanilla milkshake and hamburger .
and then the mom ordered a salad .
Lisa <> finally decided and said she wanted a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the clerk said it was twelve ninety five .
so as the mother reached for the purse she noticed it wasn't there .
and then remembered that she left on the kitchen counter .
and and [>] what should they do ?
one morning Ryan woke up half an hour later than what he was sposta and just realized something was not the same as everyday he always is .
at breakfast he spilt the milk all over the table .
and it was eight thirty already when his school starts at eight forty five .
he got dressed and while tryin(g) to tie his shoe his shoelace ripped .
and after running out the door he saw the bus leaving and started running after it .
the bus already left so he hadta run all the way to school .
and was thirty minutes late .
Ryan was just having the worst day ever .
on sunday Michael and Rachel were playing at the park when they heard some weird motor of like a car or something .
so they they followed the sound .
and they hid behind a bush .
and they saw this spaceship or u_f_o and saw a goat looking thing and a girl holding it's leash and pulling their mother .
the the aliens had eight legs or more .
and they <> had little polka dots on them .
they were talking in this language .
and Michael or Rachel couldn't understand them .
but they kept on listening .
and they kept on thinking and thinking .
and finally they could understand it .
and it said yeah lets have our picnic here .
how long should we visit and all this other stuff .
and then the spaceship took off .
and Michael and Rachel were scared because the father looked mad .
Lisa and Thomas was at home .
and their mother asked them what do ya'll wanna go eat tonight ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
the mother got her keys .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
then Lisa couldn't figure out if she wanted a Big_Mac or a children's .
so Thomas had ordered a large order of fries a milkshake vanilla and a big hamburger .
and the mother had wanted salad .
and then the daughter had finally made up her mind .
she had wanted a Children_Meal with a chocolate icecream and a drink .
and then the lady said it will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom reached in her purse .
and she had forgot it on the kitchen counter .
can I make up any name for him ?
junior he was laying in bed .
he was sleep .
then his his clock was ringing ringing ringing .
then he woke up .
he looked at the time .
he said oh no .
he tried to hurry up .
he got his clothes on .
he tried to eat some cereal .
but he was just in a rush .
he just rushed too much .
so his milk just spilt all over the table .
and a little bit fell on the floor .
and he was just looking at the time .
he put his clothes on .
he was tryin(g) to tie his shoes .
but his shoestrings broke because he was in a rush .
he was in a rush so +...
so junior went to go find another shoestring so he can tie with his shoes .
then junior locked the door shut it made sure it's real locked so nobody won't break in .
and then he tried to hurry up and catch the school bus as fast as he can .
but junior he was left behind .
he tried to yell wait up wait up but he couldn't .
so junior walked to school .
and then the principal or the teacher was outside saying junior you're late for school .
then he was sad .
then he had got a tardy permit .
the end .
it was a monday morning .
and there was little fairy tail creatures and two real people in it .
so a boy Joseph and Michelle was playing .
and Michelle was just in a rush .
she had went too fast .
and then Joseph had saw some little people that they didn't even know .
and Joseph just tried to stop Michelle .
but Michelle just kept on going .
so Michelle had grabbed Joseph arm and just ran and ran .
but then Joseph said no stop .
it's little fairy tale people .
we don't know where they live .
they just came on a big old ship .
but they had ran into them .
and they were just scared .
they had a pet .
but they tried to make friends .
but they just scared them off to have a cool outdoors picnic .
the mother and the daughter cook while the little girl goes play with her little animal .
and the father set up the table .
they moved in for a couple of days like a week or so .
and then Joseph and Michelle just went back behind the bushes .
and then went home and told their mother what they had saw .
but they didn't believe them .
but when Joseph and Michelle said we'll show you where they live .
and they scared us off .
so Joseph and Michelle went +...
they took their parents there .
then didn't even see them .
they had left .
but but then when Joeseph and Michelle left they looked behind them .
they was there again .
the end .
okay .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother asked them where they wanted to go out to eat .
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide between a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they wanted .
when Raymond went he ordered a cheeseburger and french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally decided what to get .
she got a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and a coke .
but the clerk said the total came to twelve ninety five .
when the mother reached for their purse to pay for it she realized that her purse was not there .
she had left it home on the kitchen counter .
Jake's_rotten_day .
one day while Jake was getting ready for school he never heard his alarm go off on his clock and got up too late and was very late for school .
when he got up he realized he was very late getting started .
when he was pouring his milk for his cereal he was too busy looking at the clock to realize that he was overflowing his milk in his bowl .
then when he was getting ready and all dressed he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
then when he went outside to try and catch his bus he missed his bus because he was always so late because he had slept in .
he had spilled his milk .
and his his shoelace had broken .
when he gotta school another way his teacher was disappointed in him for coming so late .
(11.) Jake was very upset because he had not pleased his teacher as he had wished to .
one day Jonathan and Sarah went out to the park to play .
when they were playing Sarah had heard a noise .
she said <> to Jonathan lets go <> over and find out what that noise was .
when they went over to where the noise had come from they saw that a spaceship had landed .
there were aliens coming out of the spaceship with a little alien dog .
Sarah was excited .
she wanted to go see what was and wanted to meet these aliens .
Jonathan on the other hand was no we shouldn't .
we should just go straight home .
this is weird .
I don't wanna see this .
and Sarah said come on it'll be fun .
and Jonathan finally gave in .
and they went to go meet the aliens .
the aliens were so scared that they abducted Sarah and Jonathan into their spaceship .
Jonathan said to Sarah I told you this was a bad idea .
and Sarah said to the aliens please don't hurt us .
we're just trying to meet you and say hello .
and then the aliens felt bad for they had scared the two kids .
they let the kids off and waved and explained why they were down down on earth .
they said that their full spaceship had had a problem .
and they could not get it to work .
so they had come down to try and see if they could find some parts and just to visit .
Sarah and Jonathan asked if there was anything they could do .
well we've already got the part we needed .
so I'm afraid there is nothing other than don't tell anybody about us .
Sarah and Jonathan said they wouldn't .
and they waved goodbye to their alien friends as they went back up to space .
one day Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mother came and said tonight we are going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and Raymond and Lisa both decided Mcdonalds .
then when they went to Mcdonalds , Lisa didn't know what to order either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mother knew what they were gonna order .
once they were at at the counter Raymond told the clerk he wanted a cheeseburger , vanilla milkshake , and fries .
and then their mother said I'll have a salad .
and then Lisa decided she was gonna have a happy meal and a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and then when <> the clerk told them the total was twelve fifty .
and their mother reached in her purse to get the money .
and she found that <> she left it on the kitchen table .
and do I hafta say what you asked me ?
and so she <> realized she left it on the kitchen table .
one day Billy woke up from school .
but he woke up late .
and he noticed that he forgot to set his alarm clock .
he was so worried and trying to rush and rush and rush .
so then when he got downstairs to eat breakfast he was looking at the clock .
and he was like oh no I don't have much time until the bus comes .
and when he was pouring his milk into his cereal it spilled all over the place .
and he just felt this is the worst day possible .
then once he got changed he was tying his shoes to catch the bus .
and then all the sudden when he was trying to tie them his shoelace fell apart .
and he was like this is really is not a good day .
this is so not fair .
then he was going outside running to catch the bus .
and it starts .
and it goes away without him .
then he's really mad .
and he hasta walk to school .
he's running as fast as he can trying to catch the bus .
but the bus turns into a subdivision .
so then he's walking to school for like oh my gosh how can I have this bad day ?
this is so not possible .
when he gets to school his teacher is outside saying Billy , Billy , Billy you're late , look at the time .
and he goes I'm sorry I'm having the worst day possible .
she's like well get in class and get ready for school .
one day <> Marsha and Tim were going on a picnic .
and so they were walking from their house to the picnic benches in this grassy field .
when they got there Marsha saw this spaceship land .
and she saw all these aliens coming out .
Tim was frightened .
and he was like come on Marsha .
lets go .
we can go tell someone .
lets just get out of here .
and she's like no lets lets watch them .
so she ducked behind some bushes .
and and Tim went with her .
but Tim was very scared .
<> and so they were watching some aliens .
and Marsha was watching them very carefully .
she was saying how much they look like real people .
how they were were just like a family and even had a little pet like a dog .
Marsha said maybe they won't be that bad .
lets go meet them .
and Tim was so scared he was like no .
I'm gonna run away .
Marsha said come on Tim .
it'll be fun .
and if they do anything tricky we'll just run as fast as we can .
we can run faster than those aliens .
he was like but they've got those special guns .
come on Tim .
so Marsha and Tim decided to go meet the aliens .
once they went over to say hi to the little girl alien they go hello .
and she goes ahh@c mommy , mommy look .
she's like oh my gosh look they're humans .
and then their little alien dog started barking at them .
Marsha [% door slamming] said don't worry .
we won't hurt anyone .
we just wanted to see you [% door opening] .
you look just like our family .
what are you guys doing like ?
we're going on a picnic .
and we love this place .
we come here every other sunday .
and so she decided to go .
so <> they asked them if they'd like to join them .
Marsha said sure that'd be fun .
and so Tim was like yeah maybe it won't be so bad after all .
so they're unpacking their lunch .
and then all of a sudden Marsha goes we can't stay come on Tim .
Tim goes why ?
goes we forgot to ask our mom .
and then they said they'd be back .
and they waved goodbye .
they ran as fast as they could to their parents and said mom , dad can we go on a picnic with these aliens we met in the grassy field ?
their parents said I thought you were already gone on a picnic ?
but mom we wanna go with the aliens .
and we decided to ask for your permission .
they're very nice .
and you'd like them .
so the parents said I told you you could go on a picnic .
but I don't believe any of this alien stuff .
and Marsha and Tim said we can prove it come on .
so the parents are like okay .
so they all went to the grassy field to have a picnic .
but when they were there the aliens weren't there anymore .
Marsha and Tim go they were right here wait .
and so then they see the little baby girl alien who's siting on the ground crying .
and then Marsha and Tim go what's wrong ?
and she goes my my mommy and daddy they they went without me .
and so Marsha and Tim get so worried .
and they start running as fast as they can .
and Marsha's pointing up in the sky to where their u_f_os were running .
they're they're yelling wait , wait , wait .
then all of a sudden Marsha has an idea .
she grabbed the rock and throws it at the bottom of the spaceship .
then they notice there's something .
so they stick their heads out the window .
and they go wait you forgot your little baby .
and then the mom's like oh no you hafta turn around , not my little Zoe .
so they fly back and go to get their little baby .
and then Marsha and Tim go why did you decide to leave ?
they're like well we got a call that my father's in the hospital .
we needta go back as soon as we can .
so then they wave goodbye .
and Marsha and Tim go we'll miss you .
and then when the aliens leave Marsha and Tim tell their parents see we told you .
and then the parents said maybe there are aliens .
but still that doesn't mean you should go off yelling about them .
they might get abducted .
and they seem like very nice people .
they're like can we write to them .
and their parents just started laughing and laughing .
and so it ends up that every other sunday Marsha and Tim would go back to the grassy field and have a picnic with the aliens .
their mother asked where do yall wanna go to eat ?
Lisa and Raymond yelled Mcdonalds .
so the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to order .
but Raymond +...
but she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
<> but Raymond knew what he wanted to order .
he ordered a happy meal and a vanilla milkshake .
and then Lisa remembered what wait +...
the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa figured out she wanted to get a happy meal and fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mother realized that she forgot her purse at home .
and it it all cost twelve dollars and fifty cents I think .
The_Bad_Day .
Max woke up one day and saw that he was late for school .
when it was eight o'clock he went to go get his breakfast .
but everything went wrong .
he spilled the flour .
the milk went all over his <> chair .
and they were out of cereal .
when he finally got outside his shoelace broke .
and <> he got really mad .
then he saw that the bus was leaving .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
then the teacher +...
then when he got there the teacher said said why are you late ?
why are you late ?
and Max told about his bad day .
the teacher said well I'm sorry .
but your homework it's gonna count twenty points off .
and then Max fell asleep in school .
and then when he went home he told his mother about his day .
and his mother got really mad .
it's called Planet_Weird .
on this planet there are humans .
and there are different kinds of animals and weird things .
one day the only two human children went to go look into a spaceship that had landed .
they had different things like aliens .
Planet_Weird didn't have that .
so they went up and saw aliens coming out .
the boy ran for his life because he was a scaredy-cat .
his name was chucky .
the girl said let's go see .
her name was Megan .
they went up .
and they saw a dog .
a weird dog .
it had a weird nose .
it had weird ears .
they didn't know what to call it .
but they were scared of it .
then when the aliens walked out of the spaceship they they went into it to see what it was like .
and then they saw all these gadgets and stuff like that .
when they went in wait +...
after they figured out what everything meant they pushed the button that meant blastoff .
they didn't know how to work the rest of it .
they only know what the buttons meant .
they didn't know how to work the controls or anything .
after that they they figured out the button to stop it .
when they came back down to the planet they went and told their parents that they had found a spaceship .
their parents didn't believe them .
but they did ground them for telling a lie or what they thought was a lie .
Lisa and Raymond's mom said that they could eat out that night <> on tuesday .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so <> they both jump in the car .
and their <> drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa wasn't sure what she wanted .
Raymond and their mom both knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a Big_Mac .
and and their mom wanted a salad .
finally Lisa just told the clerk I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate <> icecream cone .
the clerk replied that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
then when their mom reached in her purse she felt for the money .
and it wasn't there .
then she realized that it was at home on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
one day Andrew got out of bed .
and +/.
one day Andrew slept not too good .
and he woke up .
and he realized that he had slept too long and was late .
so he quickly got out of bed .
and made himself cereal .
but he couldn't help but rush himself as he knew how late it was .
she didn't even realize himself spilling milk all over the kitchen counter .
he still kept hurrying .
and he broke his shoelace .
still unhappily the school bus left without him .
and he hadta run to school .
when he gotta school his teacher scolded him for being late .
he he knew he should have gone to bed earlier that night .
one day Annie called Joshua telling him about a strange ship that had landed the day before .
Joshua didn't believe her .
so she grabbed his +/.
so she went to his house and tried to explain to him best she could .
finally he decided to go with her .
then she grabbed his arm and raced to the ship hoping it would still be there .
as they they hid behind a bush and watched as four strange creatures crawled out on strange tentaclelike legs .
there was a a father a mother a baby and what looked like a dog .
Joshua screamed in terror but Annie wanted to go meet them .
she ran out behind the bush and greeted them .
of course their language was nothing like hers .
so she didn't understand a word they said .
but she could tell they were friendly .
she went to pet the dog but realized it was nothing she should pet since it was too wiry for her to touch .
she decided to leave them alone and walk around earth as it seemed they had never been there before .
finally Annie looked back to say hello to them again as she had thought about what she had done .
but when she went back to the place where the ship had been it was gone .
Lisa and her brother came home from school .
and their mom told them that they were gonna eat out .
then their mom asked where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they went in Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to eat a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but her brother and her mom both knew what they were gonna get .
her brother ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla shake and fries .
and her mom ordered a hamburger .
then Lisa finally decided she wanted a happy meal .
so Lisa ordered a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
the total was twelve dollars and ninety five cents .
and then when her mom went to get the money she realized that she had left her purse home on the kitchen counter .
one morning Jiminey woke up .
and he thought that oh it's a saturday .
so I'm gonna sleep in .
so he slept in .
and then he thought oh no !
then his alarm clock went off .
he thought oh no !
I forgot .
it's a monday .
so he hadta wake up and hurry to get his breakfast .
and when he went into the kitchen all the cereal was gone .
and he only had milk .
and he spilt it all over the table .
so then he hadta clean it up real fast because he was already late for school .
then after he cleaned it up Jiminey was trying to hurry and pull his shoelaces tight .
and then his shoelace snapped .
so he hadta go and find another pair of shoelaces as quick as he could .
but then when he went to look for them he couldn't find any shoelaces .
so he hadta take his brother's shoes which didn't quite fit him .
so his toe was almost sticking out of the end .
then by the time he got all his stuff together he went to go to the school bus .
and the school bus had left .
so he was chasing the school bus to school .
and he fell in a mud puddle .
so he was all dirty when he went to school .
and his teacher said Jiminey why are you late ?
and he goes well I thought it was a saturday .
and then he went in school for class .
once upon a time it was saturday at twelve o'clock .
and Jane went out to the park to play because she told her mom .
and her mom said sure but take your brother along .
so Jane ran as fast as she could to get away from her brother because they were playing tag .
when she finally gotta the park she stopped to catch her breath .
then out of the corner of her eye she saw a person with eight legs no hair and with purple skin and polka dots .
so she ran as fast as she could to get her brother .
Jane said Daniel Daniel come see what I found !
he goes hang_on a second Jane .
I wanna walk .
so then Jane goes but Daniel I found aliens !
I think .
and then Daniel goes aliens huh ?
aliens live in outer space .
and there's probably none .
so then she pulled Daniel as hard as she could .
and then she peeked out of the corner of her eye again .
and she saw them .
it was actually the whole family and their dog with fire all the way into its feet .
Daniel goes woah@c , come on , lets go tell mom .
and she goes no wait !
this could be a secret .
but first we hafta make sure they stay here and trap them somehow .
and then we can come get our friends and show them as proof .
so then Daniel set up a trap for the aliens as Jane ran back to get her mom dad and some of her best friends .
so they followed her .
and when the aliens went to the picnic table it collapsed .
and they were trapped in a cage with metal bars so they couldn't get out .
then when her friends saw they go oh_my_gosh !
it's aliens !
this is a story I'll never forget .
Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
they started driving to Mcdonalds .
and the mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa wasn't sure if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
when they ordered Lisa made up her mind that she wanted a kidsmeal a coke and a chocolate sundae .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a Big_Mac .
and <> then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mom reached for the purse it wasn't there .
she had left it home on the kitchen counter .
what do you think she should do ?
one morning he woke up .
and he saw the time .
it was really late .
and he was late for school .
he ran to the kitchen table to pour some milk and have cereal .
he spilt all over the place while looking at the clock .
when he went to put his [% child coughs] shoes on his shoelace broke .
then he started running to school .
he thought he was gonna be extremely late .
when he gotta the busstop the schoolbus had already started to leave .
he ran after it screaming come back come back .
when he stopped looking at the school bus leave he just decided to walk the rest of the way to school .
it was a long walk .
when he gotta school the teacher taped her watch and said you're very late .
he was disappointed that day and had a bad day the rest of the day .
one time a brother and sister were going to the park .
they loved to play hide-and-go-seek in the park .
when they were playing hide-and-go-seek the sister was behind a bush .
the brother came and saw her .
she was just starting to walk out to see something .
the brother didn't know what it is .
but when he came out he saw aliens coming out of a spaceship .
the sister wanted to go see the aliens .
but the brother told her not to because they could do something bad .
he made her duck behind the bush .
then she just ran right out and said hi .
the aliens didn't understand what they were talking about .
they had a weird dog .
the aliens had a mom and dad .
and they had a child .
and on the <> spaceship there was a guide to tell them where to go .
the aliens thought that it was a wonderful park .
the brother and sister wanted to run back and tell their mom and dad that they had found aliens .
when they heard that they didn't believe them .
and when they came back they couldn't find them again .
so the brother and sister just decided to forget about the aliens and go home .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they were <> getting something to eat .
they can't get their food because their mom left the money on the counter at their house .
so they hadta go home and get the money .
that's all I remember .
once there was a boy that got up from bed .
he went to fix his breakfast .
and then he saw he was late .
so he got dressed real fast .
and he broke his shoelace .
he was trying get up before the bus left .
but the bus left without him .
he finally gotta school .
and he was very late .
and the teacher told him that .
he finally gotta school .
and the principal said if he bes [: is] [* m:=es] late one more time he'll hafta be <> in detention .
once there were two kids that saw a u_f_o in the sky .
and then they followed it .
they saw a family of aliens that wanted to go on a picnic .
they were going to say hi to the aliens .
but they thought that they were going suck their brains out .
they saw a little girl alien that had a dog that wouldn't stop looking in the trees where they were .
the boy said that <> they shouldn't go over there because he thought they were going to suck <> their brains out .
but the girl said I don't think so .
and the girl went up to them and said hi .
and the aliens were chasing them away .
so they ran home told their father father the story .
but the father didn't believe .
so he said I think you need some rest .
so <> he told the kids to <> go to bed .
when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said where do you wanna go ?
we're gonna go out to dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so Lisa and Raymond ran to the car and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
when they gotta Mcdonalds <> Raymond ordered a hamburger fries and a large chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa decided to order a happy meal and a chocolate cone .
the clerk told them that it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then her mom realized that she had forgot her purse at home .
Adam woke up .
and he figured out that he had slept too late .
and so he rushed downstairs to try to make his breakfast .
and then he got +...
it it made a huge mess .
and he knew he was running out of time .
and then he put his shoes on .
and he he was tying his shoes .
and his lace broke off .
then he finally got out to get to school .
and he went to the busstop .
and the bus had just left .
so he started running towards the bus .
he tried to catch it .
but it wouldn't stop .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he he was sad .
and the teacher was mad at him for being late .
one day Robert and Melissa wanted to go on an adventure .
but they didn't know where .
so they just started walking .
and they saw a park .
and they knew on the news that weird things were going on around the park .
and they wanted to try to figure it out .
so they went to the park .
and they went behind bushes .
and Melissa wanted www to figure out what was going on .
but Robert didn't .
so she grabbed Robert's hand .
and they started walking towards the aliens .
and soon they figured out that they were aliens .
and they were all scared .
but Melissa didn't wanna go home .
so she asked them what their names were .
and they were Sally Susan Kristin and Roberto .
and so they brought their parents to the park .
and they introduced them to them .
and it was a secret for their family and only their family .
I don't remember about xxx .
eight I don't remember about the story .
what happened to the boy and the girl in the story ?
they wanted to get their food .
but they didn't get to have it .
yeah .
once upon a time a boy woke up in his bed .
and then his head was hurting because he bumped his head on a clock .
and after that when he was making breakfast he spilled all of his cereal .
no .
when he was trying to tie his shoes the shoelace broke .
then after that when he missed the school bus he hadta walk to school .
uhhuh .
one day when this girl and his dad were walking to a picnic then they saw this big spaceship .
and there was these aliens coming out of it .
and the daughter was very very upset .
she wanted to go over there and play on the monkeybars and all the things to play .
but his dad didn't want her to because the aliens might catch her .
uh that's how much I can think .
what's next ?
then her dad runs over and grabs her .
and then they run away .
their mother said we should go out to eat tonight .
and the kids wanted to go .
and they picked Mcdonalds to xxx .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make her decision .
so Raymond made his decision a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother made <> her decision a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
but it all cost twelve dollars .
and the mother remembered that she left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
[^ sighs] I had a big problem on that one .
first the boy woke up out of his bed .
and his alarm clock was on .
and he turned it off .
and he wasn't ready .
and he had a certain amount of time to get to school .
and once he got downstairs he still wasn't ready .
and the time was going along fast .
so when he put on his clothes and shoes he broke his shoelace .
and then he went outside and missed the school bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher was pointing at her watch because he was late .
okay first the family was on a picnic .
and a big rocket um um +...
can I just call it a rocket because I forgot what it was ?
and a big +/.
a big rocket came down from the sky .
and the girl saw what came out of the rocket so she wanted to go see .
so she grabbed the boy's arm and wanted to take him .
but the boy didn't wanna go because he was afraid .
and the aliens wanted some fresh air and stuff .
so they went on a vacation to this place to get some fresh air and have a picnic and to walk their dog and stuff .
the girl really wanted to see the aliens .
but the boy didn't .
so he told the girl no let's not .
but the girl was so excited she grabbed his hand and took him .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
so the girl wanted to go but she couldn't .
I like that .
that the alien mother was holding the boy's hand that was holding the dog's collar .
and the dad was holding all the gear that they took from their planet to this planet to have a vacation .
so they went on a picnic here .
and they wanted a bunch of fresh air .
and the alien inside the rocketship was working on her computer .
so the little boy wanted to walk his dog while his big sister was doing that .
so his mother grabbed his hand and they started to walk .
the end .
Lisa and the other one were in the car with their mother .
and they were driving home and talking about eating at Mcdonalds .
and then they went there .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate milkshake and and a kidsmeal and some coke .
mhm .
once upon a time there was a little boy named Jed .
and he woke up slowly and walked downstairs to the kitchen and poured some cereal .
and then after he finished eating he went to go tie his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
and he got late for the bus .
and he hadta walk to school .
and he was late for school .
once upon a time there was a boy named Jed and a girl named Marsha .
they went for a walk .
and then when they gotta the park on their walk they saw some kind of ship .
and then they saw a door open .
and Jed got scared .
and so Marsha wanted to go .
but Jed tried to stay .
but Marsha pulled him along .
and they saw a alien dog and a alien girl and a alien mother and a alien father .
and the other alien inside was waving .
the end .
on tuesday the kids came back from school .
they told their mom .
then they shout can we go to Mcdonalds .
and +...
they forgot the money .
and the girl wanted <> chocolate shake .
the girl wanted a a vanilla cone icecream .
that's all I can remember .
and then they went in the car .
and then it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the kid woke up .
then he he saw the clock .
then he spilled the milk .
and then he tied his shoe .
he missed the bus and gotta go back home .
there's octopuses .
and there's the girl and a guy .
there's a octopus in the spaceship .
and there's a dog .
there are trees .
then there's a table .
and then there bushes .
then there's clouds .
no .
the grass .
[<] the clouds &*INV:repeats the branches leafs people octopuses xxx octopuses saying bye .
I don't think I remember any of it .
okay I can't remember how it started .
but there were two kids .
they wanted to go out for dinner .
their mother asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the boy ordered a vanilla milkshake a hamburger and I forget what else .
the mom ordered a salad .
and the girl ordered a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
but it was twelve dollars and something cents .
but then they couldn't get it because their mother had forgot their purse at home .
what I would call this story is a very bad day .
he woke up .
his alarm clock was too loud .
it hurt his ears .
secondly he spilled his milk when he was pouring his cereal .
when he was tying his shoe he broke a shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
it looks like eight thirty in this picture .
two friends went to play at the park .
but then one of them saw something .
he pulled the other one down behind a bush .
and he said look over there .
and then they looked .
it was a big spaceship with aliens .
the end .
their mom asked we're going out to dinner tonight where do you wanna go ?
and they <> yelled Mcdonalds .
okay kids I think she said .
and Lisa had a hard time deciding .
and then she was trying to decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then Raymond and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a vanilla shake .
and then she remembered that she wanted a happy meal with a coke and an chocolate icecream .
and their mom wanted a salad .
and then the man said that will be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and then her mom went to get the money .
and she remembered that she left her pocketbook on the kitchen counter .
that's all I remember .
what should I call the boy xxx xxx um ?
I'll call him Jeb .
Jeb woke up late in the morning .
he spilled his milk .
he had a really bad day to start .
his shoelace came off .
he missed the bus .
he gotta school .
and her teacher was kinda mad at him .
that's really it .
Lisa and john one one day went to a park having lunch and fun together .
and later in the afternoon an alien invader ship came down and took away their xxx .
they got scared .
but one wanted to go <> check it out .
then they looked at their xxx and all .
and they look like octopuses .
and they had a big ship looked like those japanese letters .
and they have a dog that looks like a cat put together .
and the end .
one tuesday uh I kind of forgot that whole stairy story .
they jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
once there was a boy .
he woke up by the alarm clock .
then he turned it off .
when he was getting cereal he poured milk all over the place .
when he was going to eat breakfast +...
then when he was going to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and the bus <> left before him .
and the teacher said you're late !
once there was a big huge round thing on the ground .
and then people are looking .
a girl <> named Rachel saw some aliens come out and an alien dog with no eyes .
this boy named bob he was scared .
no oh duh .
the end .
on tuesday when the kids got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa ordered a happy meal .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the boy ordered um : +...
I don't think I don't know .
and then it costed twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but her mom reached for her purse .
it wasn't there .
and then she she thought she left it at her kitchen table .
a boy woke up .
and he went downstairs to get some cereal .
and then he tried to tie his shoelace .
but his shoelace broke .
then he got outside .
and the school bus started leaving .
then he hadta <> walk to school .
and when he gotta school it was late .
an alien ship landed on the earth .
and there's a boy and a girl .
and there's aliens coming out_o(f) the alien ship .
and then the girl wants to go over see them .
and the boy <> looks like he's saying no don't go over .
and the girl's pulling him over to there .
and there's aliens and the earth .
I forgot how to start off .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and her mother said they're going out tonight .
and they left .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa was looking at the order .
and the brother and the mom <> already figure out what they wanted .
and Lisa was still deciding .
and then the brother said I'll have a a vanilla shake and fries and a cheeseburger .
and the mom said I want a salad .
and finally Lisa made made up her mind .
she she got a a chocolate cone .
she got a french fry and a and a happy meal .
and then the person at the table said it was twelve ninety nine .
and then when her mom was gonna reach into her pocketbook she said it wasn't there .
and then she said I think I left it at the kitchen table at home .
I better go get it .
one day jack came out of bed .
and he hurt his head .
he had a headache .
and he turned off his clock .
and then he went downstairs .
he was looking at the clock .
he was looking at the clock of the kitchen when he was gonna make him cereal .
he poured the milk .
and the milk was going everywhere .
and then he hadta go to school .
he tied his shoes .
but one of his shoelaces broke .
and he got really mad .
and then he ran out to the bus .
but the bus <> left him .
he didn't see him .
and I +...
he hadta walk to school .
and then he was at school .
and then <> her teacher's like you're late again because you didn't use the bus .
okay .
one day a boy named Ariel and Sarah .
they were taking a walk in the woods .
and then they heard a big boom on the ground .
they went to see who it was .
Sarah was a brave girl .
she liked to do adventures .
and Ariel <> was a scaredy-cat .
and then they saw four aliens a mom a dad a sister and a brother and a dog .
they said what are those things .
they read the sign up on the spaceship .
and it said aliens .
then they ran home .
and they told their dad and mom .
we saw four aliens and a dog .
and then then they showed them .
and then the spaceship was there but not the four aliens .
the end .
one day Lisa Raymond and Raymond's mom they were at home .
and the mother of them said that they were going out to eat .
and their mother asked <> where did they wanna go .
and they both wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and Raymond and his mom knew what to get for themselfs [: themselves] [* m:=s] .
and when she got up to the counter Lisa said she wanted a cheeseburger happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger a vanilla milkshake and a coke .
and that's all I remember .
once there was a boy who was late for school .
and he didn't know if he was late .
and he was still in in his pajamas .
he went downstairs .
he got his breakfast .
and when he got ready his shoe came untied .
it snapped right off .
and he missed the bus .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and he felt really sad .
one morning two teenagers went to the park to to explore for a bug hunt .
and when they got there something landed on the ground .
and a little door opened .
and aliens came out with a pet donkey .
Richard said he was scared .
he made a scared face .
Michelle saw that they were pretty nice .
she went over to see them .
when the aliens got out they looked like they were heading straight for Richard .
and there were a few more people who were coming .
they had suitcases with them too .
they looked like aliens with purple dots on them .
I forgot the first part .
they wanna eat at Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't remember what to order .
um I forgot the other parts .
mhm .
the boy was waking up .
and he went to get a glass of milk .
he went to tie his shoe .
and then it broke .
and then he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
some kids were walking in the woods .
and they saw a thing in the sky .
and then it landed .
and then they went over to see .
and then they stopped and looked at it .
and then it was aliens .
and then she wanted to go over .
and the boy said no .
one day Lisa and +...
(17.) forgot what his name was .
(8.) forgot what they said after that .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and their mother let them .
and the mom forgot the money at home .
when they were in the car Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a hamburger happy meal .
but she decided when she got there that she wanted a hamburger happy meal .
and the mother forgot the money at home .
one day a boy was sleeping .
and his alarm clock rang .
he was holding his head .
he got out of bed and went down for breakfast .
he accidentally poured too much milk .
and it went all over the place .
he looked at the clock .
it was almost time to get ready for the bus .
he went upstairs and got dressed .
he brushed his hair brushed his teeth .
and then he <> put on his socks .
and then he put on his shoes .
and then when he was tying his last shoe he broke the <> shoelace .
he just was too angry this morning .
he got on his bookbag and ran out .
he was too late .
the bus already left .
he walked and walked and walked and walked .
then when he gotta school the teacher said you're late and go inside and everybody else is doing math hurry up !
one day there was a boy and girl walking through the forest .
they went to the park .
but they saw something .
it was a spaceship .
they saw these weird things come out .
they were purple .
and they had blue polka dots .
there was a weird thing that the little girl was carrying .
they were aliens .
it was an alien dog .
the girl said hi .
how about we go and meet them .
but the boy stopped and said no .
they could be dangerous .
and they could probably take you back .
maybe they are here to take people back to earth .
and maybe they are going to destroy earth .
that was just a pretend rocketship that they made .
and it was really some of their +...
maybe their mom and dad trying to scare and the little kids were .
maybe they had little brothers and sisters .
and maybe the big people were their friends .
one night after school Lisa and Raymond +...
no .
their mom asked Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to eat out .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Raymond ordered fries a Big_Mac and vanilla shake .
Lisa ordered fries a happy meal and an icecream cone .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve ninety nine I think or ninety eight ninety nine or ninety eight .
and then their mom realized that she left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
one morning when Matt woke up he looked at the time .
and he was really late .
so then he made his bed .
and he went downstairs .
he poured some cereal .
but then he realized the time .
and he kept pouring the milk in the bowl overflo [: overflowed] flowed with milk .
then he got dressed .
he combed his hair .
and then he put on his shoes .
and he tied his shoes .
then when he was tying the other shoe his shoelace snapped .
then when he fixed it he put on his backpack .
and then he ran outside .
but then when he ran outside he saw the bus was leaving .
and he ran trying to catch up .
and he tried to stop the bus .
but the bus driver couldn't see him .
then when he gotta school the principal was out at the door .
and the principal was very mad at him because he was late .
and then when he went to class everybody was already doing their <> work .
the end .
one day Matt and Andrea went to the park on their bike .
when they parked their bike they went down a path to where the picnic tables were .
then they heard some sort of crash .
so Andrea went to go see it .
and Matt didn't wanna because he didn't think it was such a good idea .
then Andrea took his hand and made him run wherever they heard the sound .
then when they went to see it they saw a dog that looked very weird .
and a mom a teenager or a mom and a dad they didn't know and a little girl .
and they each had eight legs .
they were like octopuses .
just they had <> eyes and mouths and arms .
and they had a dog .
and they stood up on ground .
and they wore clothes .
and and they saw the humongous ship they came down out from .
and they were very surprised and scared .
then the aliens spotted them .
and then the aliens were like hello earthling .
and they asked do you wanna have lunch with us ?
and Matt was very afraid .
and he almost ran away .
and Andrea said <> sure we would like to have lunch with you .
and then the aliens went back into their ship and got some food .
and when the mom was making the lunch Andrea and Matt helped set up the tent with the little girl .
and then after that they played with the dog and the little girl .
and then when the lunch was ready they came out with something that smelled very good but didn't look too good .
and then Matt and Andrea ate it .
and they said it was delicious .
and then the aliens went back into the ship and said goodbye .
and the little girl helped take down the tent .
and then they went back into the ship with the little dog too .
and then they took off .
and then they kept seeing them every summer .
the end .
came back every summer .
the end .
their mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
and then their mother she asked them where do they wanna eat .
and both of them yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
and they left .
and then they were ordering their food .
and the little girl she couldn't decide what she wanted .
and then when she gotta the counter she knew what she wanted .
she wanted a cheeseburger french fries and coke and chocolate icecream .
and then her mother wanted salad .
brother wanted +...
yes .
when she looked it up they said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when she looked in her purse she left her money at home .
the little boy he woke up .
and he wasted some cereal .
and he wasted a lot of milk as he was looking at the time .
and then he was tying his shoes .
and his shoelace thing broke .
and so he missed the bus .
and he was walking to school late .
he gotta school late .
there was a boy and a girl .
they peeked out the bushes .
and then the girl she saw aliens .
and then she was going to go out and see all of them all the way .
and then the girl she grabbed her hand and said come on was pulling him .
and she said stop .
and then the aliens they was just coming from outer space .
five and they was happy .
xxx Lisa and Raymond went home .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they yelled Mcdonalds .
and and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the counter .
and Raymond ordered a chocolate milkshake and a hamburger .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and (3.) Lisa ordered a (5.) Happy_Kids_Meal .
and it was twelve dollars .
oh .
and then the mom forgot their purse at home .
he fell asleep .
and then his alarm clock didn't wake him up in time .
and then when he went downstairs to get breakfast he spilled it all over the place .
and he was in a rush .
and then he tied his shoes .
and they were like +...
and then a shoestring snapped off .
and then he put on his bookbag and ran at the school bus .
and he was too late for the school bus .
and he was late for school .
there was a ship .
and it landed .
and all these aliens started to come down .
and a boy and a girl started to run .
well the boy was scared .
and the girl wanted to see them .
and the girl was gonna run right into the aliens .
and the boy thought that they were gonna do something to them .
and the boy was scared about aliens because he never saw them before .
six and there was a dog with hair .
I think it was a dog .
and it +...
yeah .
they had eight legs .
and the girl almost took the boy his hand and ran into the aliens .
five and the ship went back up .
mm .
then they got lost .
mm .
no .
they ran back home .
two (21.)and it was a dream .
twenty two it was tuesday .
they went out to eat .
and they got hamburger happy meals .
I forgot .
twelve he first woke up .
and he couldn't turn off his alarm clock .
he spilled the milk .
he broke his shoelace .
and <> he was late late to get the bus .
and he gotta school late .
yeah .
a boy and a girl went out and found a trail .
and once they +...
and while they were going they saw something yellow flying down .
and they gotta the end of the trail .
they saw some aliens .
the girl wanted to go back and go and get (8.) &=sighs something .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
he said wait .
eight that's all I can think of .
one night a boy and a girl and their mom went home .
then their mother said where would you guys wanna go for dinner ?
and then the boy and girl wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
then they went in .
then when they got inside they wanted to tell the order man what they would like to get .
the girl wanted to get a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and some coke .
and the mama wanted some salad .
and the boy wanted a hamburger and some french fries and some coke and some chocolate milkshakes .
but the mommy didn't know where her money was .
so the mother said oh no I I forgot it at home on the kitchen table .
we better go back and get it asked the boy and the mommy and the girl .
so they went back home .
they get it .
then they went back to Mcdonalds to get their food .
the end .
one day was a boy .
he woke up .
but he was late for school .
he was getting his clothes <> on .
and then he woke up for breakfast .
but he spilled all the milk .
and then he quickly got his shoes on .
then he tried to catch up to the bus .
but it went away .
then he gotta school .
and then teacher was mad at him .
the end .
one day there was a sky in outer space .
but then the alien ship flew down .
and then when the father and girl came they saw the worstest aliens ever .
they walked walked with big scary teeth .
and they had weapons with them going to gobble up people .
but then the little girl wanted to meet them .
but the father said no !
you'll get destroyed !
so then she ran over to destroy them .
and then they got destroyed .
then they were safe .
and there was sky blue sky blue sky blue sky .
and there was green green green green .
and bushes bushes and brown brown and yellow yellow .
<> aliens from outer space <> octopuses daddies girls and sky clouds all xxx .
and there was trees .
that's it .
xxx and xxx xxx .
xxx xxx xxx mommies and babies dogs aliens spaceships .
and that's all .
I don't know the story .
that their mom forgot the purse .
and that Lisa ordered one milkshake and a coke and a cone and a hamburger .
and that it costed twelve dollars and fifty cents .
they they were at home when they both said that they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
Jake woke up in the morning .
he spilled milk because he wasn't looking .
and then he went to tie his shoes .
and his shoes broke .
so he couldn't tie his shoes .
and then he missed the school bus .
so he couldn't go .
and his mom hadta drive him .
and you got late for school .
and then his teacher sent him to the office to get a late slip .
once upon a time there was two kids named jack and Emily .
they both were getting off of the blimp .
but then their mom and dad didn't get off .
and the blimp left without them because they were sposta stay on .
but they got off .
and then they hadta walk all the way .
and they couldn't find their mom and dad .
and then people came off and helped them .
and they went home with them for a couple of days .
and then they tried to find their house .
and when they found their house they just stayed there and waited for their mom and dad to come .
but their mom and dad were gonna be there in two weeks .
so they hadta go shopping by theirself [: themselves] .
and do everything by theirself [: themselves] .
then +...
then they kept staying there until their mom and dad got home .
Lisa and Raymond got back from school .
and their mother asked them where do you guys wanna go out to eat ?
Raymond and Lisa shouted out Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa bought a kidsmeal .
and Raymond bought a cheeseburger with +...
and their mom bought a salad .
and that's all I can remember .
Denver woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he got dressed .
he went downstairs .
he poured himself a bowl of cereal .
and he tied his shoe .
and he missed the bus .
and he walked to school .
the spaceship dropped .
and the the aliens comed out .
and they took their dog .
and it looks like somebody's waving back to them .
and she's waving to them .
and the boy's holding her back .
and she's trying to run .
that's all .
once there were <> a boy and a girl .
their names were Lisa and Raymond .
when they got home from school their mother told them we are going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
so they ran and hoped in the car .
and they were on their way to Mcdonalds .
Raymond and their <> mom both decided what they wanted already .
but Lisa did not know .
then she finally made up her mind and told the clerk .
I wanna happy meal with a drink please .
and then the clerk said that'll be twelve fifty .
and then her mom reached to get her purse .
and she did not have the purse .
it was on the counter at home .
what should they do ?
there once was a boy getting up out of bed .
his clock started ringing .
he shut it off went downstairs and had breakfast .
he poured the cereal then the milk .
but the milk spilled and made a mess .
then he went to put on his shoes .
the shoestrings broke .
so he tried to fix it .
after that he put on his sneakers .
and he went to the busstop .
the bus was already gone .
he hadta go chase after it .
and pretty soon the teacher said he was late for school .
there once were two children named Melissa and Corbin .
they were hiking on a mountain once .
and they saw something in the sky .
it landed close to them .
they ran behind a bush and peaked .
0 .
Corbin was a scaredy-cat to see .
Melissa was brave .
so Melissa pulled Corbin .
but he stayed still .
he would not go .
then it opened .
all of the sudden a family was coming out a girl alien a dog alien a mother alien a dad alien .
and a brother alien was still in the shuttle .
the dog was sniffing them and went towards them .
they saw them and they were scared .
they said what do you want with us ?
nothing .
we just came to visit your planet .
we're not trying to take anything .
a couple days after that they were robing stores .
so they lied .
so they learned don't lie .
uhuh .
I made it a fable .
mhm .
after the children left school their mother said we're going out for dinner .
and she said what do you wanna go to ?
and they all shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they went there .
and when they gotta the counter the boy said I like a hamburger and a large vanilla shake .
and the mom said I'll have a salad .
and the girl said I'll have a icecream cone vanilla .
and I'll have coke and a cheeseburger with a happy meal .
and then the waiter said that would be twelve dollars and twenty nine cents .
and the mom reached in to see her purse .
and it was gone .
so they went back to get it .
a boy named Lank woke up this morning .
and he went downstairs for breakfast because he was about to be late .
so he was in a hurry .
so he poured the milk too fast and put the cereal in and gobbled it up .
and then he put on his shirt and pants and tied his shoelace too fast .
it got rip .
so then the bus +...
and then he got outside .
the bus was gone .
so he decided to go out and get his bike and and bike to the school .
and he parked it in a park and said tow it .
and a tow truck came and towed it .
and he's like wait .
and then he hadta go to school .
and the teacher or principal said you're tardy .
that's the thirtieth one you got .
so he went in .
there was this girl and boy .
and they saw a spaceship .
and aliens came out with their dog .
and they were looking around .
and a girl said let's go meet them .
and the boy said I don't think so .
and the girl just ran towards them .
and the aliens like [% makes alien noises] and went in their ship and got some guns and tried to kill her .
that's all .
it was tuesday morning .
Lisa and Raymond's mom called them and said it's time to go out to eat .
where do you wanna go out to eat ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled out Mcdonalds .
they both run and hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there <> Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to eat between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mom knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
Raymond's mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she told the clerk I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk rang it up and said that will be two fifty .
and then Lisa and Raymond's mom looked for her purse .
then she realized that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
the end .
one day Daniel got up from bed .
his alarm clock had already gone off .
he was late for school .
so he hadta go downstairs real fast after he got dressed .
he poured himself some milk and cereal .
he spilled some cereal or spilled some milk .
it was after six o'clock .
when he was trying to tie his shoes his shoelace broke off .
so he hadta go to school like that .
it was hard to tie his shoes together with one short one and one long one .
and so he just finally figured it out .
by then it was almost seven o'clock .
when he got outside the bus was already leaving .
he called after it .
it was no use .
he hadta try and run after it .
he couldn't .
so he had two choices to either get his mom to drive him to school or to walk .
he decided that he would ask his mom what to do .
and mom said to walk because she did not not feel very good .
and she hadta get to work real soon .
so <> he walked to school .
he got there late .
his teacher was mad .
she did not want him to do that again .
she gave him a tardy .
the end .
what is these xxx things ?
once there was a ship that landed .
there were two people around .
it was in a park .
when they saw it they thought it was tiny .
when they saw the people come out they thought they were chinese aliens because of the handwriting on the ship .
one of the chinese aliens had a chinese poodle dog .
and it's name +...
they heard him speak chinese .
they thought they <> called him poodle .
but then they realized that they weren't .
they were calling their kid poodle .
and so then it looked like they had gone a long ways .
there was was a girl and a boy .
the girl wanted to go and look at them closer .
the boy tried to stop her .
the end .
Lisa and the +...
when the kids got back from home their mother asked them where do you wanna eat ?
Mickey_Ds they shouted .
so and I forgot the rest .
when when the boy was getting out of bed he he looked at his alarm clock .
then he went to the kitchen to get some food for breakfast .
then he went to tie his shoe .
then he broke his shoelace .
then he was running to the school bus when it just went on and on .
then then he was finally at school .
one day a a flying saucer came down onto earth .
and aliens walked right out .
and there was an alien dog too .
the girl was was looking at him .
and it started to run .
but the boy caught it .
but she was taking the boy .
but the boy was trying to stop her .
the end .
<> when Lisa and Raymond <> gone home their mother said tonight we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
then their mother said alright .
and they all jumped in the car .
the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide between a a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond Raymond and his mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she ordered a happy meal with fries a Coca_Cola and a chocolate icecream cone .
the waiter said that'll be twelve ninety nine .
and their their mother said okay and reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
then she once remembered that she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
one morning Jacob woke up with with a headache .
he he got up to breakfast and saw the time .
while he wasn't looking he poured too much milk in his cereal bowl .
and it spilled on to the table and then onto the floor .
he noticed when it happened and quickly cleaned it up .
then he hurried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelaces came off .
so he hadta tie his shoelaces back together and then tie his shoes .
when he went outside he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
then then when he gotta school he he was late .
his teacher showed him the time .
he had missed a test .
she was very upset .
but she knewed [: knew] [* m:+ed] what what had happened .
she accepted his apology .
one day Michael and Michelle were playing in the park .
all of a sudden this this big spacecraft landed on the ground .
a family of alien lifeforms walked out .
Michael and Lisa went back behind the bushes to hide .
Lisa wasn't afraid .
she thought this was amazing .
she wanted to get a closer look .
Michael held on to her and said stop those things can be dangerous .
<> then Lisa said yeah you're right .
so they walked back home .
and they never saw the aliens again .
when when they got back home from school +...
I don't know their names .
can I just make one up ?
their mother said where do you wanna go for dinner .
they said Mcdonalds .
they both jumped in the car .
and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got inside I don't know the name &*INV:okay he ordered a cheeseburger and drink and a vanilla milkshake .
she ordered hamburger happy meal with a drink with a vanilla icecream cone .
when the guy said the total is twelve dollars and ninety three cents she just noticed the purse .
she left it on the front counter at home .
that's the end .
first when he woke up he he saw his clock and rushed downstairs to get breakfast and get dressed to catch the bus .
and he had trouble with his shoelaces because they broke .
and and he ran as fast as he could when he got his shoe tied to try to catch the bus .
but he couldn't .
but he hadta walk to school .
and last he took a little time to get to school and gotta school at nine o'clock .
and he went to class and did all his work .
and he did a very nice job .
and he got a a-plus on his reading .
and he said always set your alarm clock at night .
and he said that's the end .
first the aliens came .
then the guy and girl came .
and they saw aliens with a alien dog moving to this world .
the dog looked like a <> poodle .
but he wasn't .
he was a mutt mutt because the thing .
the mom was dressed up like a girl .
the man was dressed up like a guy .
the the brother was dressed up like a boy .
their spaceship was shaped like a oval .
at the end they went inside and saw all the things that they use on the spaceship .
and then they <> live happily ever after .
after Raymond and Laura got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and Laura and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and the mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Laura couldn't decide what she wanted .
but Raymond and her mom already knew what they wanted .
so when Raymond got up there he asked for a cheeseburger french fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and the mom asked for a salad .
and then Laura finally made up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal and fries with <> chocolate cone .
once there was a boy named Mitch that was sleeping and overslept .
and then when he looked at the time he was already five minutes late so rushed out to the kitchen to get his cereal .
but he was already fifteen minutes late when he got downstairs because because he took so long to get out of bed .
and then after that he tried to eat his cereal too fast .
and then he hadta lie down for two minutes .
that made him <> seventeen minutes late .
then he ran to get dressed .
and then he went to get get on his shoes .
but when he was tying his next shoe on his shoelace broke off .
so then he hadta use half a shoelace in and another shoelace .
so when he ran out the door the bus already came by his house .
and he was chasing after the bus .
and when he got there he was already twenty two minutes late .
once there were two kids named Michael and Kiki .
when they were walking in the woods they walked to their favorite spot in the woods and sit down to eat their lunch .
but right when they were going back from the woods they heard a loud whoo@c sound right behind them .
and it came louder and louder and louder until they heard the loudest doh@c they ever heard .
and as soon as they heard it they ran behind two two large bushes .
and when when the hatch door opened three aliens came with a funny looking thing that the littlest alien was holding .
<> I think they thought it was a dog .
and after that <> Kiki said that she wanted to take a look at the aliens .
but Michael wouldn't let her .
so when he tried to hold her back Kiki just ran out and talked in front of the aliens .
and then as soon as one of them looked really angry .
they thought that she was trying to hurt them .
she just ran out .
and then she just screamed and ran back to home .
her mom xxx .
and the boy said he would want a cheeseburger .
and the mom want a salad .
and they were talking .
and then the girl she wants a xxx cone .
and then um ah +...
the +...
what is the boys name ?
oh okay .
I'll call this boy Alex .
Alex was going to school when the bus left .
then Alex dropped the milk on the bowl .
when he was sleeping and the clock was ringing he was asleep .
and Alex he he xxx his eyes xxx .
xxx .
then Alex went to school .
and he was walking .
he was late .
he was late for school .
once upon a time there was an alien spaceship .
and there's aliens coming into into the earth .
then the people were scared of the aliens .
then the <> aliens was playing in the park .
and then the alien spaceship +...
then then the girl was smiling .
and then the boy he he didn't <> never seen aliens before and never seen the alien dog before too .
then then the alien was having a picnic at the table .
after the picnic they were playing .
and then then a lot of people were were so scared of the alien .
and then the dog was chasing the people at the park .
then they went to another place .
they went to another place .
they went to another place .
then they went to a shop .
should I keep on going ?
then the aliens were stealing the food when they didn't have no money .
then then they xxx eating paper for the food .
then they then they ate a +...
then they went to the park again .
and and then they went to the park and played again .
then the aliens were going home up up in space and having food in their home .
tuesday their mother said kids where do you wanna go ?
and Erin waited and said said Mcdonalds loud .
and then they went to the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the clerk .
and Raymond ordered a burger french fries and a large vanilla shake .
<> and he wanted a happy meal .
and the clerk said that's <> twelve fifty .
her mother looked inside her <> purse .
but she didn't have the purse .
she forgot it at the kitchen at home .
I call this story Being_Late_For_School .
once upon a time there was a kid name James .
he woke up .
he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he was gonna be late for school .
then he went to the kitchen for breakfast .
and he made a mess in in the kitchen .
and James said oh no .
and he got dressed .
and and he put on his shoes .
he tied them up .
but then one of his laces broke .
and James said errrrr@c .
and when he got outside the school bus left when he was about to go .
and James said wait wait .
and then he went to school walking .
and then the principal came and said you are late for school .
I call this story Aliens_At_The_Park .
once upon a time there was two children name john and Sarah .
they went to the park to have fun .
but then they saw a spaceship .
and Stephanie saw aliens out of the spaceship .
and she wanted to go say hi .
but john didn't wanna .
he wanted to go home .
but Stephanie took john's hand and went where the aliens were .
and the aliens talked .
and Stephanie said hello .
but the aliens didn't answer .
she shouted again hello .
but they didn't answer .
she shouted louder hello !
but they still didn't hear her .
and then they went back home .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school her mom asked what would you like &*INV:mhm to eat .
and she said we are eating out .
and where would you like to eat ?
Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped into the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom did .
when they gotta the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger .
and his mother ordered a salad .
then Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said that she wanted a happy meal .
and the man <> at the counter said that it costed <> twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when her mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she forgot she had left on the counter at home .
he woke up .
then he went to get his cereal .
then he <> poured too much milk .
then when he was getting his shoes tied <> his shoelace came out .
and he missed school .
and then <> when he gotta his mom's he said go back the other way .
a boy and girl went out to a park .
and they saw a spaceship .
and humming out of it with a dog .
and the boy didn't wanna go .
but the girl did .
that's all I can really think of .
um I no .
their mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
mother asked her children what do they wanna eat ?
they said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
so they all jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
&=sighs they went inside and &*INV:mhm Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
and &=sighs forgetting the son's name .
his mother ordered a salad .
the son he ordered a burger fries and a chocolate shake .
and Lisa she ordered a burger and a banana icecream cone .
she ordered a drink too fries .
but the mother left her purse on the kitchen counter .
his alarm clock woke him up .
he went in the kitchen to make breakfast .
he spilled milk all over the table .
when he tried to put on his shoes and tie them he couldn't .
then when he went outside to go to the bus he missed the bus .
so he gotta school late .
a alien ship came and parked right there .
alien people came out of the ship with a little dog and mother son and father carrying a lot of bags .
her sister pulled his brother hand .
and <> his brother said no .
and his sister went over to say hi .
[^ child sighs] so they played and played all night .
that's the best I can do .
their mom said where do you wanna go out for dinner ?
<> and they shouted Mcdonalds .
then they <> jumped in the car .
and then their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and that's all I remember of what he got .
his sister got a icecream cone and a coke .
and then their mom got a salad .
and then she looked down and tried to get the twenty dollars .
but her purse wasn't there because she left it at home .
his alarm clock was loud .
then <> he was trying to <> pour his milk .
but it spilled .
and it made a big mess .
then when he was trying to tie his shoes it snapped off .
then the school bus left him .
and then he hadta walk to school .
there once was these aliens .
and they came to earth .
and then this girl and boy came .
and they saw it .
and then the girl wanted to go up and meet them .
and then they probably +...
they got scared of them because they didn't know what they were because they were just here on earth .
they got in the car .
they drove to Mcdonalds .
they order happy meal chocolate icecream and a salad and a cone icecream .
he missed the school bus .
he spilled all the milk on the table .
he hadta go buy some more .
and then he (30.) +...
I can't think of a story .
he had a bad day at school .
and he hadta go home .
he was grounded .
he couldn't go to the school for three days .
he missed the bus .
he hadta stay home .
and he sat down .
he was watching tv .
and he broke his shoestring .
his mom hadta buy some more shoes .
six broke his teddy_bear head .
and she hadta buy him another one .
the the girl and the boy they scared of the the aliens .
and the aliens got a alien dog .
I'm finished .
can't remember .
no I can't .
&=laughs they couldn't buy the things .
&=laughs .
the girl didn't know what to decide .
&=laughs I don't know anymore .
[^ laughs] I can't think of what to say .
I can't think of what to say though .
this is hard .
this kid got out of bed .
he tried to make cereal .
but he missed (2.) .
hit the floor .
he broke his shoelace .
the bus ran without him .
and he was late on school .
this alien ship arrived at earth .
some girl wanted to go see them .
but the boy hold her hand and said no .
all the aliens looked like moms and dads kids and dogs .
period .
period .
they got home from school .
and their mother asked them what do you wanna eat ?
where do you wanna go ?
and [% child coughs] they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and they went to the closest Mcdonalds .
and the sister didn't know what to get .
the brother made a order of a <> cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mother got a salad .
and the sister finally made up her mind .
and she got a kidsmeal .
and then the man said it was seventy five cents .
and the mother she xxx to find her purse .
but she left it at home on the counter .
one day a boy woke up .
and he he went downstairs and made him cereal .
but he spilled the milk everywhere .
then he didn't eat breakfast .
he put on his shoes .
and then he put on his shoes and tried to tie it .
but one string got pulled off .
he was mad .
he thought that he couldn't do anything .
but then he waited for the bus .
and he missed it .
he said come back wait .
but he could not catch up to the bus .
so he walked to school .
the teacher was standing outside .
she said hello what took you so long ?
he said that he had had a bad day .
she said then come in .
the end .
a octopus was moving out .
they waved goodbye to the old friends .
and beginned [: began] [* m:=ed] a new house .
they thought it was great .
then after one minute there was two kids .
the youngest girl looked at them and wanted to go .
but the brother said no .
and she really wanted to go .
she never seen a octopus with a octopus dog .
the end .
on tuesday there were three children .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go out and eat .
and they all yelled Mcdonalds .
so they drove into the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they went inside the restaurant .
but Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order a happy meal or a hamburger .
but everybody else knew what they wanted to get .
so when they got in Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she said she would take a happy meal a drink fries and a chocolate icecream .
and her mom said she would take a salad .
I forgot the rest of it .
there is a boy named Sam .
and he was in bed xxx .
and he slept too long .
and then whenever he went downstairs for breakfast xxx so he could have breakfast .
(h)e was looking at the clock and spilled the milk and then when he was tying his shoelace got ripped off .
after he tied his shoe he ran outside <> for the bus .
but he missed the schoolbus .
and and when he made it to school he was late .
once there was two children .
one was named Anna .
and one was named Ben .
they found a path that they never ever seen before .
and they went on it .
but when they made it to the end of the path they've saw a giant alien ship flying down .
and then it landed .
and aliens came out .
and then they yelled .
and Ben yelled .
and he started to run back .
but Anna grabbed them .
and so she could go bring him over to say hi .
but the aliens +...
after they came over the aliens they had a dog .
and the dog barked at them and started chasing them around .
and then they both ran back home and told their dad .
but their dad didn't believe them .
and their dad said that there's no such thing as aliens .
the boy and the girl wanted to go out to eat .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
but then their mom forgot her purse .
so they couldn't buy anything .
and the purse was at home on the kitchen counter .
all I remember .
Tom woke up late .
he rushed for breakfast xxx .
he poured too much milk into his cereal .
his shoelace broke .
he was late for the bus .
he was late at school .
Michelle and jack saw a flying saucer .
they saw a dog alien a mother alien a dad alien and two kid aliens .
and they went to meet them .
but jack thought that was crazy .
that's all I can think of .
their mother <> said we're gonna go out to eat .
and then Lisa and Raymond screamed Mcdonalds .
and they drove there .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and then (11.) she made up her mind .
and then Raymond wanted a Big_Mac a <> coke and a a vanilla icecream .
and Lisa made up her mind and wanted a a happy meal a coke and a vanilla icecream .
and then the storeman said that'll cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when mother was digging in her purse to get it they left the twelve dollars and fifty cents at home .
and then they said +...
eighteen oh .
I can't remember .
what's his name ?
Andy woke up and said I needta get to school .
and then he hadta eat his breakfast .
and then he spilled some .
then he had trouble getting his shoes on .
and one lace broke off .
and then the school bus was +...
he missed the school bus .
and then when when he walked to school his teacher said you're late .
the end .
okay .
can I use the same names ?
Daniel and Michelle were playing in the park .
and then a flying ship came and landed down at the park .
four aliens were walking out the ship .
and the dog had a pointy scribbly nose .
and all the aliens had polka dots on on them .
and there are +...
and then Daniel opened his mouth like owh@c .
and said there's aliens .
what's her name again ?
<> wait Michelle there's aliens .
then end .
on tuesday Lisa and [% (3.)] don't remember his name .
Lisa and [>] .
when they get home from school their their mother said we're gonna go out to dinner .
where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and <> they um +...
Lisa couldn't decide what to get happy meal or a Big_Mac .
and then the boy's name I forgot but he wanted a cheese burger with vanilla vanilla shake .
and mom wanted a salad .
and then it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but the mom forgot the purse at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Charlie .
and he was late for school .
and when he went to breakfast he poured his milk on the counter instead of the bowl .
and when he went to go tie his shoes his shoelaces broke .
and then when he went outside to go catch the school bus the school bus already drove away .
and when he gotta school his teacher started you're late .
once there was a girl named Emily and a boy named Nathan .
and they were walking in the woods .
and once a spaceship came down .
and aliens were walking down .
there were three aliens a mom a dad child and their little dog .
and Emily says let's go look and see them .
and Nathan said no are you nuts .
they might hurt us .
and then they never saw the aliens ever again .
the end .
one day two kids came back from school .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go for dinner .
they both shouted Mcdonalds at the same time .
and then they jumped into the car .
and they went there .
and the mom and name &*INV:okay already knew what they wanted to order .
and Lisa didn't .
and then when they got in the mom ordered a salad .
the what's his name ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla milkshake and a coke .
and Lisa just remembered what she wanted to have .
a coke a burger and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the guy at the counter said that'll be eleven dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom remembered that she left her purse at home .
yeah .
okay .
I think I'll call it the late day to school .
one day a little boy woke up .
and he went into the kitchen and poured his self some milk .
and it it overflowed in the bowl .
and it spilled .
and then he put on his shoes .
and one of the shoelaces broke .
and he had to go without shoelaces .
and then he was walking to the bus stop when the schoolbus pulled away .
and he started running after it .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then one of the teachers was pointing at her watch .
and the little boy was just in time for school .
the aliens .
one day a boy and a girl were playing around in the bushes when a a flying saucer landed on the ground .
and aliens came out with an alien dog and sleeping bags .
and there was a kid a mom a dad and a teenager .
and they all came out of the flying saucer .
and the boy was afraid .
and the girl wanted to say hi .
but the boy was trying to pull the girl back .
and the girl was trying to pull the boy forward .
and finally the girl said alright let's just go home .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school their mother asked them we're gonna go out for dinner <> tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Raymond and Lisa both shouted <> Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
Raymond and mom already knew what they wanted .
finally Lisa decided what she wanted .
they they went to the clerk .
<> Raymond wanted a happy meal a <> shake .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal a cheeseburger soda and a chocolate icecream .
and mom ordered a salad .
and and that cost .
the clerk said that it costed twelve dollars and fifty six cents .
then mom noticed that she left her purse on the kitchen table at home .
okay .
yeah .
john woke up up out of bed at eight eight o'clock .
he spilled his flour when he was making breakfast by an accident .
he pulled his shoelace too hard when he was tying his shoes .
and it broke .
he missed the bus .
and his parents drove him to school .
0 .
eight once upon a time two kids saw a large spaceship land from out of the sky .
it was big and yellow .
<> four aliens stepped out .
the brother was scared .
but the sister wanted to meet the aliens .
the brother ran home to tell his parents .
and the sister went to meet the aliens .
his parents came back with him to see the spaceship .
but the spaceship disappeared .
everyone wondered what planet it was from .
then they watched it go away from under the spaceship .
and in big red letters it said from mars .
and then out of the door with a big parachute came the sister .
the end .
their mother came home and said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and Raymond and Lisa both said out loud Mcdonalds .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she was gonna get a Cheese_Meal or a Kids_Meal .
well that's what I call it I don't know if it's a Happy_Meal or a Kids_Meal so .
.
and when they gotta and +...
but Raymond knew and their mom knew <> what to get .
<> Raymond got a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm and a large milkshake .
and their mother got a <> large salad .
and finally Lisa made up her mind and said to the person who owned the store I would like a large cheeseburger diet coke and large chocolate icecream cone .
and the person said that will cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she realized she had left it on the kitchen table .
okay .
this boy got up late .
and he kept looking at the clock .
and when he was making his breakfast he spilled the milk .
and when he was getting dressed he broke his shoelace .
and when he gotta the bus stop he wasn't really there yet though .
though the bus was already taking off .
and he hadta come to school late .
the later pictures ?
what later pictures ?
the bus goes to school without him .
and he hasta walk to school .
and he comes there late .
these two +...
well can I make up a name ?
okay .
these two kids one named Matt that was the boy and the girl's name was Sabrina .
and they went to this little park and hid behind bushes .
and when they climbed out of the bushes they found aliens and a big spaceship and alien dog .
Matt didn't wanna go .
but Sabrina <> held on his arm and ran to to meet them .
but he tried to stop her .
but she wouldn't stop .
she was too strong .
and he started screaming .
and the aliens looked and saw them .
and then <> Sabrina screamed .
and then they ran for their lives .
when <> Leah and her brother got home from school and their mother asked them where they wanna go out to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and when they got there [% sigh] Leah couldn't decide what she wanted .
and their mother ordered salad .
and <> Leah's brother ordered a hamburger with french fries and and ketchup .
and <> then Leah said that she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate ice cream .
and the mother forgot their purse .
and that's all .
there's a kid who gets out of bed who looks at his clock .
and and he's gonna miss the bus .
and he gets ready to go to school looks at the clock .
and it says seven thirty .
he gets really worried .
and he does everything quickly .
he <> tries to tie his shoes .
but the shoelaces snap off .
once he gets to the busstop he sees a bus driving away .
he walks to school and tells his principal what happened .
and the end .
um xxx .
two kids wanna go to the icecream shop .
and their mom says that they hafta go to the park .
when they go to the park they sat down on the bench ate lunch and ran around the park two times .
and once they ran round it two more times a a big flying saucer came down .
and and little things came out of it .
they didn't know what it was .
so they ran away .
then one of the kids stops and says let's go see what they're up too .
and then the other one says that he wants to go home .
and <> the little things are come out of the flying saucer run back in and and go up into the sky .
and then they never gotta <> see what happened .
the end .
.
I just can remember when they went to to Mcdonalds .
that's all I can remember .
uh okay .
they ordered their food .
and the mom got cheeseburger fries and a coke .
and she couldn't make up her mind &*INV:good if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
the cashier said twelve ninety nine .
and the mom realized she'd left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and (12.) Lucy and john said what shall we do .
and then +...
that's about all I know .
one day john woke um um +...
can I start over ?
one day john woke up .
and he fell onto the floor .
he banged his head on his dresser .
and he said ouch that hurts .
then he went downstairs and into the kitchen .
and he said said I wanna a drink of milk .
then he got the milk carton out .
and he tried to pour it into the glass .
but he spilled all the milk out of the milk carton .
and his mom said he hadta pick it up .
then after he cleaned it up he had trouble tying his shoelaces .
and then after doing it for a long time one of his shoelaces broke .
then his mother got him a new shoelace .
and then it was all ready .
and then the school was honking its horn .
and he was late for the bus .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he was very late .
once upon a time a long time ago there were five aliens .
um &=sighs um .
the little boy's name was Kyle .
the guy in the alien ship ship's name was (8.) +/.
[^ (7.)] Judy .
[<] the mom's name was +...
the dad's name was Robert .
and the mom's name was lulu .
(5.) the girl's name was Judy .
and the boy's name was mike .
one day <> a boy and a girl found a spaceship in the sky .
and it landed on the ground .
so they <> hid in some bushes .
and five aliens came out .
one was a weird looking dog .
and the boy was holding his leash so he wouldn't run away .
they had brung [: brought] all their stuff and all their gear for camping .
and the ship was about to take off .
all of a sudden the girl on the spaceship the mom called her .
and the girl on the spaceship said byebye .
and the ship ship took off into the sky .
and the mom and dad said I have have made a big huge mistake .
so they saw a bench nearby .
and they sat down on the bench .
and they ate lunch for two hours .
and by the time their lunch was done they had still a lot more food .
then they said look there .
the one kid went to play with his dog until it was time for supper .
then they ate supper .
and then the spaceship came down .
and the little alien came out .
and all of the aliens got on .
and they took off in space .
Lisa and her brother got home from school .
and they asked their mother if she could go to Mcdonalds .
if her brother +...
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
and then their mom ran into the car .
and then that's how I remember .
I'll call my book the worst day of the year .
on monday jimmy he woke up .
and couldn't go to sleep .
so he had a bad day .
he tried to eat dinner .
but he wasn't paying attention .
and the milk fell on the table .
his mom says are you having a hard day ?
and he said no .
then then jimmy took a bath washed up .
and he he put lotion on .
and then he put his clothes on .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his string broke .
jimmy missed the school .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and miss the schoolbus .
and he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said he was late .
it was +...
I don't know what to start with .
okay .
you mean me tell the you know ?
okay .
could I say the title first ?
but I think it should be called the saturday alien alien show .
well it's not really .
they're real aliens .
one day on a saturday morning .
and there was aliens coming .
and they were coming for the day over .
uh what is it called again ?
what is it called ?
when they when you go on some like an airplane .
and you going someplace else to spend a week over .
vacation .
they came for a vacation over the earth planet to make it <> aliens all over the place .
and Cassidy and mike saw real aliens .
and she pulled his arm .
and then she pulled and pulled .
but he wouldn't budge .
so she hadta come over there and look by herself .
but the aliens tried to threaten her .
and she ran back home to her mother and father and told them that they're real aliens .
and they went to prove it .
and they try to find the aliens .
and they found them .
but they catched them and turned them into aliens .
that's it .
but I mean actually after they they fighted the aliens .
and then they turned back .
and then they'll never ever let aliens invade invade the planet .
now that's the end .
the boy and the girl went out to dinner with their mother and went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa got a happy meal with a large vanilla icecream .
Raymond <> got a cheeseburger large milkshake with fries .
and the mother got salad .
and the price was twelve fifty four .
the problem was that the mother forgot her purse .
and the mother reached down to grab her purse .
and the person wasn't there .
a boy got out of bed and was tired spilled the milk all over when he was eating breakfast .
and he wasn't paying attention when he was pouring the milk into his cereal .
next he broke one of his shoelaces off of his shoe .
and he was late .
he looked mad .
and then he missed the bus because he <> was late .
and he didn't get to school on time .
he looked at the teacher .
and the teacher was like <> you weren't at school on time .
that's it .
there was two little kids .
and the the boy was older than his little sister .
and his little sister was gonna go out into place when there was aliens .
and the big brother was like no no don't .
and the aliens were walking off the ship getting unpacked and stuff .
and they had a little baby girl a dad a mom and a dog .
and they're moving out of space down on to earth .
and the spaceship was taking off after the dog the baby girl and the mom and dad got off .
and there was a picnic table with two two benches on each side .
and there was trees over the picnic table .
and it was a nice sunny day .
and the boy and the girl were hiding behind bushes .
their mother asked them where they wanna go at dinner .
and they shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and mom drove them to a Mcdonalds restaurant .
and and Tom wanted a cheeseburger with a chocolate shake .
and and the girl wanted a coke and a ice cream cone .
but it cost too much money .
and their mom said oops .
and they left it on the kitchen counter .
and the boy got up in the morning .
and and his clock rang .
and he put his head like this .
and he was tired .
so he poured some cereal and milk .
and he made a spill .
and and he put on his shoe .
but his shoelaces break .
and when he was waiting with his bus his bus passed his house .
so he just went back to bed .
a girl saw some aliens .
so her took the boy's hand and grabbed him .
and and he push away .
and they saw aliens and the alien dog .
mom said to the kids where do you wanna go to eat ?
they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
they jumped into the car .
and mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
Susan got a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
mom got a big big meal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and Billy got a big icecream cone .
the the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and zero cents .
mom went to go get her purse .
and it wasn't there .
I forgot my purse at the house on the counter .
the end .
it was in the morning .
and Samantha was sposta go to school .
he poured the milk and made a mess .
and he couldn't tie his shoe .
so he he broke his shoelace .
so he left it .
the bus took off before he can get to the bus .
and he he was late for school .
the end .
the aliens landed on earth .
and the people were scared .
so they ran away .
and there was a doggie over there .
and he got caught by the aliens .
and they took him to a new house where the aliens useta live .
and they went back to their old house .
the end .
there was Lisa and somebody else .
and they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the boy knew knew what he wanted to order .
and mom knew what she wanted to order .
but Lisa didn't .
<> it was either a happy meal or something else .
and she choosed the happy meal .
and the clerk said twelve dollars and thirty five cents .
and then when mom looked where her purse was it was gone .
and she realized it was at home .
so I can make the boy's name up ?
okay .
one morning a boy named Devan woke up .
and his head hurt .
he went downstairs to have breakfast .
he poured his cereal and his milk .
but his milk spilled .
and once he got dressed <> one of his shoelaces broke .
and he got two shoes that were <> kind of the same that were in his room .
and then since that took him a little while to get his backpack and stuff ready the school bus was there .
but when when he broke his shoelace the bus was leaving .
and he said wait wait .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then after school he took the bus .
but only his mom <> said look the time .
you're late .
and the boy said mom I broke my shoelace .
and then I hadta get new shoes .
then I hadta get my backpack and stuff ready .
and the the bus left when I broke my shoelace .
and then I hadta walk to school .
and and now I took the bus .
that's why I'm late .
and the mom said oh that's okay .
you're fine .
the end .
there's girl whose named named Emily xxx .
she was playing in a park when she saw a spaceship .
she ran to it .
but the door wouldn't open .
<> there was aliens in there .
but the aliens were trapped .
and then the girl brought her family over to look look where the aliens xxx tried to break the door open .
and they broke the door open .
and then the aliens came out .
and the aliens said why thank you .
we were trapped there for thousands of years .
but we could still drive the thing .
and then the girl <> told the police that there were aliens on earth .
and the police came .
and they said why gosh they are aliens .
and then the police said you guys could stay here for a little while .
but if you stay <> here for a long time <> you guys may rule the world .
and so you could be here for a year or two .
and and the aliens said okay .
and they shaked his hand .
and the police took them to the nearest hotel .
the police payed for them .
and when it was one or two years they knew where the spaceship was still .
they went back in their spaceship .
the door wasn't stuck anymore .
they shut the door .
and they flew away .
and then before they flew away everyone said goodbye to them .
and and they met the other side of the world .
and they did the same thing too .
the end .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
what do you do when you xxx xxx xxx ?
I don't know the rest .
I wish you wouldn't xxx xxx .
rob got out of bed at one o'clock a_m in the morning .
he wanted to get some breakfast but messed up with the milk .
he then took a shower and and got <> ready for school though his shoelace snapped .
and he hadta tie it back on on .
then then he tried to run for the school bus though he was late catching it .
so he didn't catch it .
so he was nineteen minutes late for school .
some aliens were heading towards earth to make a new home .
they landed there on on saturday when school was out .
first the baby alien wanted to walk the dog .
and then the dad alien was going to unpack .
and then the brother alien hadta do some work in the spaceship .
and the mom alien said this will be our new home .
okay .
.
when Francine and Alex got off the bus their mother said hey would anybody like to go out to eat ?
and Francine and Alex said Mcdonalds .
and and they went to Mcdonalds .
Francine didn't know what to eat .
mom ordered a salad .
France ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla icecream .
finally Susie made up her mind .
she wanted [% sigh] a happy meal with some pop and a milkshake .
but mom forgot her purse at home .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
and he stayed up last night watching a long movie called Inspector_Gadget with some pop .
and then he woke up .
and he was pretty late .
he wouldn't get his eyes off the clock .
and then he went to have breakfast .
but he made a mess .
and then he tried to tie his shoes by hisself .
but the other shoelace got out .
and then it was time for the busstop .
the school bus was already gone .
the teacher was pretty mad because it was already twelve o'clock .
okay .
once upon a time there was a little boy and a little girl .
their name was Susie and Alex .
one day Susie and Alex saw some aliens coming to the park .
Susie wanted to go meet the aliens .
but Alex said no they could be poisonous .
then Susie decided let's go home .
the end .
their dad said how about that's not the truth .
then they did have poison on them .
on a tuesday night Lisa and Raymond's mother asked where do you guys wanna eat ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mother asked what do you guys want ?
then Raymond said a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and then Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
so their mother ordered before them .
and she said the salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a coke a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said that would be twelve ninety five .
then their mother reached down to get her purse .
but then she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter in their house .
bobby woke up real late in the morning because he had stayed up past twelve last night .
he had a party .
when he was trying to make breakfast he kept looking at the clock .
and he spilled milk all over his cereal .
and it overflowed and fell on the floor .
then when he was tying his shoes he broke a shoelace .
then he hadta get another shoelace to fix it .
by the time he had done that he hadta get his backpack on and run out and catch the school bus .
but the school bus had just left .
he started running after it .
but it was no use .
so he hadta walk to school .
then when he got up the school steps he saw the principal .
and the principal said you're late bobby .
why are you so late ?
the end .
one tuesday morning Michelle and George were sposta be at school .
but they were playing hookie .
they went to the city park and were playing around with sticks and throwing rocks at each other .
and suddenly a noise in a bush nearby startled them .
they crept over to the bush and peeked through .
there was a really really weird dog .
Michelle said look at that dog .
I wonder where it came from ?
then they got out of the bushes and looked around the bush and then saw an alien spacecraft .
it had weird markings on the side .
all of a sudden aliens with twelve legs came out .
there were <> four aliens one dog .
they came out of a yellowish orange spaceship .
Michelle wanted to go over there .
but George said no .
he wanted to go back to school as fast as he could and tell the principal we were sick .
now we got better .
and go back into the school .
but Michelle refused .
she went toward the space people .
then one of the spacemen pulled out a laser gun shot Michelle .
and she turned into stone .
they dragged Michelle into the spacecraft .
and then they saw George .
they shot him too .
except this time <> this was a different gun .
and George was immediately pulled into a large blue bubble .
they were both pulled onto the ship .
and all the aliens went back into the ship took off into outer space .
and George and Michelle were never seen again .
on tuesday a boy and a girl and a mom all wanted to eat .
the mom said where you wanna go eat ?
and they all go xxx xxx Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the brother ordered a Big_Mac .
and the girl she didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or happy meal .
so she made her mind .
she got a happy meal .
and the brother got a vanilla milkshake .
and the sister got a vanilla icecream cone .
mhm .
the mom didn't get anything because she left her money at home .
and they went back and got it .
one boy named Dan realized it was eight thirty in the morning .
I'm late for school !
so he woke up .
and then he got breakfast .
while while he was getting breakfast there there was milk .
the milk had already shattered all over the place .
so he hadta do like fifteen minutes to clean that up .
and then he went to go get dressed .
and he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace snapped .
and then he got that tied .
and then he went to go to the bus .
and the bus ran without him .
and then he went .
and he walked to school .
and the principal was so mad at him he gave detention for one day .
the end .
one day Ben and Darlene were having a picnic .
when they looked up there was this big huge flying saucer .
so Ben ran away .
and Darlene wanted to stay .
she was all +...
xxx .
when the spaceship landed aliens all came out .
they had a little boy a dog and a girl .
they all looked pretty friendly .
so they talked to them and let them stay .
but Dan didn't wanna .
so he ran .
and I stayed .
and Darlene said all the rules about the world .
and they lived in the spaceship in that <> spot .
on tuesday her mother asked where do you wanna eat ?
the children <> they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
<> and when they get to the front door Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a <> Big_Mac or a happy meal .
mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
and then Lisa decided .
she wanted a happy meal with fries and a icecream cone .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
mom ordered a salad .
it cost them twelve dollars fifty cents .
but when mom reached in her purse there was no money .
she must have left it in the counter at home .
what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
what what other characters were in the story ?
the mom .
where did they go to eat ?
Mcdonalds .
what did Lisa order ?
Big_Mac with fries and a icecream cone .
what did Raymond order ?
a cheeseburger with +/.
the boy woke up very late .
he got up for breakfast .
he poured milk in his bowl .
but he was too busy looking at the clock .
and then when he was tying his shoe his shoelace snapped .
and then when he went outside the school bus already left .
when he gotta school the teacher was was mad at him because he came really late .
that's all .
there was this boy and a girl named +...
the boy was named Alex .
and the girl was named Julie .
Julie and Alex were going to the park [% clears throat] because they left their ball in the park .
then when they got there they found the ball behind the bush .
when they picked it up a spaceship came down and aliens .
first the little dog came out .
then four alien members came .
then <> Jennifer tried to pull Alex out of the bushes .
but Alex was too scared because he thought they might hurt him .
but when she did they said we come in peace .
and and Alex pet their dog .
the dog liked it .
and then they were saying that what are your names .
the little boy said Antville .
the mom said Mary .
the dad said September .
and the uncle said December .
when they told them their names Jennifer said I'm Jennifer .
and this is Alex .
and then Jennifer showed the aliens the ball .
and and then Antville just hit the ball .
and the ball went rolling .
Antville went after it .
he says this is my dog merry_christmas .
we come from the planet Yakkah &=laughs .
we just came to earth for a vacation .
and this has been a long vacation .
Antville said will you come to see us every single day ?
then Jennifer said yes .
Alex said no he can't come .
and then they said let's go tell mom and dad what we saw .
the mother asked them where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and their mom took them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
they were ordering +...
the kid's name I don't remember .
he said I will have a cheeseburger with a chocolate shake .
and then their mother said I'll just have a salad .
and and the girl said that I will have a happy meal with a drink and a chocolate icecream cone .
but when her mother in no +...
the cash register dude said that'll be twelve dollars .
and then she said +...
she reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there because she left it at home &*INV:good on the kitchen counter .
looks like the kid's getting up from from bed .
but he looks like he's late for school .
and he's tryin(g) to rush .
and that's when he's trying to pour a bowl of cereal .
but he's getting it all over .
and and he's looking at the time .
he think he's about to be late for school .
and then he rushes to get his stuff on .
he tries to tie his shoe .
he ties the other one .
but the other shoelace breaks on his other shoe .
and then he rushes out the house .
and he was running rushing towards the bus because the bus left .
and the bus left .
and he hadta walk to school .
and it looks like his teacher or principal is standing right there .
and he's walking up the stairs .
and she's like you're almost late for school .
it's the aliens that came on earth .
and <> the girl and the boy were probably ducking down over there and looking .
the girl wants to go rush and see them .
and so she's grabbing his hand to walk over .
he's like no no no no no .
and she's like , come on , .
and they're trying to probably walk over there and say hi .
and the aliens are probably gonna say hi .
but they they're probably gonna say it's their first time on earth .
and they have a dog .
and her mom's like woah@c look at all this .
and that's it .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to go out and eat .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
but Raymond and his mom knew .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a coke and a large vanilla shake .
his mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a vanilla icecream .
when the clerk told them that it was gonna cost twelve fifty Lisa's mom realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
one morning bob got up and realized that he was late and that he slept in .
when he went to go get some breakfast he spilled the milk .
and and that made him even more later .
when he was getting dressed and when he was tying his shoes shoelace broke .
and he began to get more and more mad .
and he was beginning to get frustrated .
so when he went outside to catch the school bus he found that the school bus had already left and was driving away .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
when he gotta school the principal was standing right by the door and told him what time it was .
he told her why he was late .
and the teacher and the principal thought it was okay .
one day while bill and Marge were playing on the junglegym they heard a very loud bang .
it almost sounded like something had crashed .
when they went over to explore they saw the alien spaceship had landed .
<> they were looking at it for a couple of minutes when all of a sudden the door dropped open and out came a family of aliens .
the aliens were obviously on vacation because they had bags and luggage in their hand .
Marge was eager to go and talk to them .
but bill was kind of scared of them .
when they finally agreed to go go over and talk to them they found that they were fairly friendly .
and they were pretty much like themselves .
they became friends and asked them where they lived how they came here and why they came here .
when they hadta leave they were very disappointed that they lost a couple of friends .
the aliens also were disappointed that they lost some earth friends .
they hope to see each other one day again .
but the aliens don't know if it's safe to come back .
the momma asked the children where would they like to go .
and the girl and the boy said Mcdonalds .
so mom and dad drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then their mom ordered a salad .
the boy ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla icecream cone I think .
and the girl was thinking which one to <> decide a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and she chose a happy meal with french_fries coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then xxx said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then while the mother was reaching into her purse she forgot her purse actually .
and then the dad went home and got the purse .
and then the girl actually got what she wanted to eat .
that's it .
Jonathan accidentally overslept .
he looked at the clock .
he he went to the kitchen and got some cereal .
and he looked at the clock and saw what time it was .
and he accidentally spilled the cereal .
he he went to go and tie his shoe .
but his shoelace broke .
so he went outside with an untied shoe .
he went outside .
the school bus already left .
so he hadta go to school .
and once he got there the principal looked at the time .
and then Jonathan told the whole story .
and then he went to class .
Amanda and Jonathan were going through the woods .
and as they passed through leave they saw a ship with aliens that looked like octopuses .
and there was a a boy dog and the mother and father .
and then the ship went .
and then they saw a big bench .
and then they thought that they were going to have lunch .
Amanda and Jonathan were looking and looking .
and Amanda grabbed Jonathan's arm and said let's go see .
and then Jonathan said let's go back home and tell mom .
but Amanda just kept arguing with Jonathan .
and then Amanda said you can go back .
but I wanna see what they're doing .
Amanda did see what they're doing .
and the father caught her .
and then they were speaking in a different language .
so Amanda kept saying what .
and then the father was getting angry .
and then Jonathan brought mom and dad .
and then they saw the children the dog the mom and the dad .
and then they all looked surprised .
and then the octopus mom and dad and the boy and the dog all ran as fast as they can because they never saw people or aliens like these .
the end .
mom said that they were going to eat out at Mcdonalds .
she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
once they got there the mom and dad knew what they wanted .
and Lisa didn't know what to get .
so dad got a sandwich .
mom got a salad .
and Lisa got a happy meal .
and it all came to twelve dollars .
and mom forgot her purse .
one morning the boy boy got up out of bed .
fix breakfast for him .
and it was almost time for school .
and his shoestring broke while he was tryin(g) to tie .
and then when he got ready to go the bus were leaving .
and he gotta school late .
the teacher was standing outside waiting for him .
that's all .
once there was this +/.
once there was a alien spacecraft that landed in the woods .
there was a alien family coming for a picnic .
and there was these two people in the park already .
and the woman wanted to go see the aliens .
and the man didn't wanna go .
he thought they might have capture him or make the dog get him .
that's all .
they might make the dog go after the two people .
that's it .
mhm .
on tuesday Raymond and Lisa's mom decided to go out to eat for dinner .
and <> so she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mom already knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the clerk Raymond asked for a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
the I don't remember what the mom asked for .
and Lisa when she made up her mind she asked for a happy meal with coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and then the clerk added it up and said that was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
they had left it at home .
one one day a boy named David accidentally set his alarm two hours late .
and so when he woke up he realized he was late for school .
so he ran downstairs poured his cereal .
and when he poured his milk it slipped and got all over the table .
after he cleaned it up and got dressed he tried putting on his shoes .
and then the shoelace broke .
so he hadta tie the broken one with a good one .
then <> when he got out to the busstop he missed the bus .
and so he hadta run all the way to school .
and when he got there the principal told him he was late .
one day when bill and eve were in the park they heard something very loud .
eve went running to go see what it was .
and she hid behind some bushes .
and bill followed her .
when they looked over the bush it was a u_f_o .
and an alien family started coming out .
eve went in and one of the little alien girls had a dog .
eve went to go over and say hi .
but bill stopped her because he thought something bad was gonna happen .
and so she tried pulling him along too .
but finally when eve got over there they found out that the aliens were nice .
and then they became friends .
and the aliens moved in behind their house .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got in the car with their mother .
and they decided they wanted Mcdonalds to eat .
and so the mother said okay sure .
and <> they went to Mcdonalds .
and they got in Mcdonalds .
and they they were ordering .
and Raymond ordered a hamburger and a coke with a chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and her mom ordered a hamburger with a coke .
and then her mom +...
the cashier guy said that it was twelve fifty .
and her mom looked in her purse .
and she noticed that she forgot her money on the kitchen counter .
tuesday morning Robert got up out of bed yawning because he was so tired because he went to bed late last night .
and so he went to the kitchen and was going to pour some milk into his cereal when he poured the milk it spilled because he poured too much .
so so far he felt like he was having a bad day .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was already running late .
he went to his room and tied his shoes .
but his shoelace fell off because he was in such a bad mood that he broke the shoelace .
and then he ran outside noticing that the school bus had already left .
and so he thought that he was late .
so he just started walking to <> school .
and when he gotta class his teacher was disappointed because he was late .
so he said he was sorry and went back into class .
one day Michelle and David were walking in the woods .
and they were going to have a picnic at the picnic table .
and they were walking .
and they heard a noise .
and it was kind of like a plane landing .
and so they looked around the corner .
and there was a spaceship .
and the door started to open .
and there was a family .
there was a little tiny alien a alien dog an alien mom and an alien dad that were getting out .
and they were dressed and everything like humans .
but they had squidlike legs and stuff .
and there was another alien that was saying goodbye to them .
and the spaceship was about to take off .
but Michelle wanted to go greet the aliens and find out where they came from .
and find out like who they are and stuff .
but David said no .
you never know .
they might be dangerous .
so the aliens were getting out .
and they started walking down the woods .
and they finally disappeared .
when Michelle kind of got mad at <> David for saying no .
but David said that was done for your own good .
you never know what they might do .
ray and Lisa came from school .
and her mom said tonight we're gonna go out to eat .
[<] they said where do you wanna go to eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order .
but ray and her mom did know what to order .
&*INV:mhm and ray order a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm with fries and a large milkshake .
and then her mom order a Big_Mac with fries and a large soda .
and Lisa ordered Big_Mac a chocolate milkshake &*INV:mhm and and some fries .
and the waiter said it will be twelve ninety three .
when her mom reached inside the <> purse it wasn't there .
[<] forgot it at the house .
one time there was a kid that woke up from bed .
and it was time for school .
so he got ready .
and when he put +...
[>] ?
um milk .
[>] +...
then when he put the milk for the cornflake it went all over the table .
and then when he was trying to tie his shoe his shoelaces ripped .
and then when he got ready he went outside to wait for the bus .
but the bus already left .
and then when he got there he was late .
one time there was aliens that landed in earth &*INV:mhm because it was their vacation .
and they landed in the park .
and they were ready to have a picnic .
and then those people saw them .
and then a girl wanted to go say hi to them .
but his husband said no .
and and then when they landed they took out everything .
and the people were just watching .
they came on a big spaceship .
and and they had fun .
that's it .
yeah .
and they set everything up like their room and all that [>] and slept there for three days &*INV:mhm until their vacation was over .
the end .
they said Lindsay said let's go out .
and then they went outside to go to Mcdonalds .
and then they they forgot the purse at home .
and then they hadta go back and get it .
and they ordered and got something .
I think .
the boy woke up .
and he saw the clock .
and it was late .
he was late for getting ready and stuff .
and then he was trying to make breakfast .
and the clock's ticking away .
and then his shoelace when he was tryin(g) to tie his shoe it broke .
and then when he was tryin(g) to catch the bus the bus left .
and then he was late for school .
these aliens thought they wanted a vacation .
and they've never been here before .
so they came down to visit the planet .
and they brought their pet or something .
and and they were gonna have a picnic in a park .
and they made +...
this boy tried to stop a girl from going to get them xxx xxx her .
and that's it .
<> Lisa Morty and their um +...
Lisa and Morty's mother <> asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a cheeseburger or a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Morty ordered a cheeseburger with a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a apple pie .
Lisa and Morty's mother forgot that she left the money on the kitchen counter .
there was a boy named Michael .
one day he woke up .
and he realized that he he was gonna be late for school .
so he rushed and ate <> milk and cereal .
but he was looking at the time instead of his breakfast .
so he spilled the milk on the table and some on the floor .
he was tryin(g) to tie his shoe .
but one of his shoelaces broke off .
so he hadta go get a new <> shoelace .
so he missed the schoolbus .
and he was late for school because he woke up late .
one day there was a girl named Ashley and a boy named Joshua .
they were brother and sister .
one day they were walking walking in the forest .
and they <> saw a u_f_o flying in the air .
they went to go see <> where it landed .
so they <> hid behind a bush .
and they saw an alien dog and aliens come out of the ship .
Ashley wants go see who they were .
but Joshua didn't .
he wanted to stay behind the bush because he didn't know what they were capable of doing .
so Joshua and Ashley went back home to <> tell their mother what they saw .
but their mother didn't believe them because there's no such thing as aliens or u_f_os .
on a tuesday Raymond and Lisa's mother picked them up .
and she said that they can go out for dinner today .
and she said where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted when they got there .
but Lisa couldn't choose between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
and then Raymond ordered a large vanilla milkshake .
and I forgot before .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa decided to take the <> kidsmeal or happy meal and a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the clerk said that it was twelve dollars and fifty cents their mother reached for her purse .
and she noticed that it wasn't there .
and then she remembered that it was on the kitchen table .
and that was it .
Sam woke up .
and he looked at the clock .
and he noticed that he overslept .
and when he got out of bed he rushed .
and when he was getting ready for breakfast he spilled it all over the place .
and he spilled stuff .
and when he was getting ready <> tie his shoes the lace broke .
and he tried to fix it .
and then after that when he was going out to get the bus the bus had just left .
and when he gotta school he was late and got in trouble .
I don't know .
one day George and <> Suzanna were walking home from school .
and they noticed that there was a flying saucer .
and then when they +...
<> Suzanna wanted to go up to the flying saucer .
but George didn't want her to .
and then the flying saucer opened .
and a family of Martians came out .
there was a mother a father a daughter and a little dog named Fifi .
they heard the little girl calling her .
and Suzanna wanted to go talk to them .
but George didn't think that was a really good idea .
Suzanna ran up to the <> Martians and introduced herself .
they actually were very nice when they gotta know each other .
Fifi was very nice and cute .
after Suzanna talked for them for about five minutes George came and started talking to them too .
and Suzanna asked them what they were doing here .
and they said that they were on vacation .
so Suzanna offered for them to stay at their house .
and they did .
when they gotta their house their parents were shocked .
but <> then after they talked to each other for a while they gotta know each other and became very good friends .
every year the Martians visited .
and they all had a very great time .
when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother asked them they were going out to eat and where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what to get either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they were gonna get .
Raymond got a cheeseburger some french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother got a salad .
Lisa finally ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate cone .
and then their mother finally realized that she when oh +...
it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and she realized that she left her purse at home .
the end .
Andrew woke up .
he found out that his clock did not ring .
he went into the kitchen to fix him a bowl of cereal .
and the milk poured all over the table .
he did not get any milk on his cereal .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and he was really disappointed .
he went to go get his backpack .
and he started running outside when he found out that the bus had just left .
and he runs after the bus until he gets to the school .
his teacher is standing outside of his classroom pointing at her watch .
and she is disappointed that he is late .
Raymond feels bad that he is late .
Dan and Laura went camping with their parents .
and they had a picnic one one afternoon .
Daniel and Laura went out to the woods to pick up things to keep .
and they came around a bush .
and they saw this huge gigantic spaceship land down on the ground .
they hid behind the bush to see what was gonna come out .
when things started coming out they saw an alien puppy dog an alien child an alien mother and an alien father .
and there was an alien spaceship driver waving good bye to the aliens .
and so Laura wanted to go over and greet them .
but Dan said no .
Laura tugged on Dan's hand to go over there and greet greet them with her .
when Laura got over there the aliens were shocked to see other lifeforms .
and Laura wasn't .
Laura invited the aliens to come and have a picnic with them tonight .
and so they did .
and their mom and dad were shocked at the sight of the aliens .
but Laura was very happy .
and they grew up to be good friends .
one day Raymond and Lisa got got home from school .
and their mother wanted to know where they wanted to eat .
so so they said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
<> Raymond ordered a hamburger and fries with a chocolate milkshake .
Lisa ordered a hamburger .
and the mom ordered fries .
the the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
they +...
Lisa and Raymond's mom went to go get the money out of her purse .
but she had accidentally left the purse at home on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
one day Ralph got up out of bed .
and realized he was late .
he he hurried into the kitchen to get some breakfast .
and he spilled the milk as he was pouring his cereal .
finally he was done and was running late .
as he got dressed and put his shoes on his shoelace snapped .
he hadta put on a new shoe .
by the time he get outside to catch the bus the bus was leaving .
he was late to school and asked his mom if he could have a ride .
by the time he gotta school the teacher said that he was late .
and he told her the whole story .
one day a little girl named Lucy and her brother mike went walking through the forest .
as they were coming around from the bush they saw a little spaceship .
Lisa wanted to see what it was .
mike said no and was trying to run back .
she grabbed him by his arm and was trying to go for it .
after mike stopped pulling aliens started coming out of the spaceship with their pet .
mike was real scared .
he wanted to go home and tell .
Lisa wouldn't let him .
<> once they found out about it +...
once they went up and said hello mike said let's go home now .
the aliens were scared of mike too .
just like he was scared of them .
well the aliens set up a little camp ground .
and mike tried to scare them off .
he scared he +...
the little pet scared everybody away .
Lisa and mike ran home as fast as they could to tell their parents .
their parents came with them .
but by the time they got there the spaceship was gone .
Lisa and Raymond got home in the afternoon .
and their mom was home .
and his mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and Lisa and Raymond they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
so their mom she got a uh I don't remember .
and Raymond got a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa finally figured out what she wanted .
and she got a cheeseburger a coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and when the clerk said it was twelve fifty and and the mom reached for their purse and couldn't find it and remembered she had left it at home .
Jake woke up in the morning .
and he was really tired .
and he was having a bad hair day .
and he went downstairs .
and he poured too much milk in his bowl .
and it dripped on the floor .
and his mother didn't like that .
so he hadta clean that up .
and as he was getting ready for school tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and that made him very frustrated .
and then as he was going out to the bus he missed the bus and was running after it .
and he missed the bus and couldn't get to school .
so he hadta walk to school .
and he was having a really bad day .
these two adults were walking on a trail to a picnic table while they were having a picnic .
and they were walking around .
and they heard this weird noise .
and they looked up .
and they said oh it's a u_f_o .
and one of the people said no .
it couldn't be a u_f_o .
that be a big problem because there's no such thing as u_f_os .
so as it was coming down they saw that it was really a u_f_o .
and as these eight legged octopus people were coming down the boy got really scared and was trying to go away .
but the woman liked it .
so they were trying to go and see them .
xxx xxx and see them .
and as they went to go see them the boy started to attack them .
and they went home .
and they told all their friends about it .
and all their friends said prove it to us .
so they went back .
but the u_f_o wasn't there .
there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named Ramon .
and the mother asked where do you wanna go out for dinner .
and they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
so the mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and the mother already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa didn't .
so they ordered .
Raymond got a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla shake .
the mother got a salad .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
but finally she decided to get a happy meal and a chocolate cone and french_fries .
and then the cost was twelve dollars .
and then the mother was gonna go to take the money from her purse .
but she realized that she left her purse back at at home on the kitchen counter .
one day there was a boy named john who who +...
one day he was going to go to school .
and he suddenly realized how late he slept .
so he got up .
and he started rushing to get ready .
he needed to get dressed .
so he went downstairs .
and he was gonna pour his cereal and milk .
and he was spilling everywhere because he was so tense .
and he didn't know what to do .
so then he was gonna go out the door .
but his shoelace snapped .
so suddenly he hadta fix it .
and since it took such a long time he didn't know what to do .
so he just ran outside .
and he missed his bus .
so then he hadta walk all the way to school which took a long time .
and then when he got there his teacher pointed at her watch because he was really late .
and he said he missed his bus because he slept late and his shoelace broke .
one one beautiful foggy tuesday morning Michael and Sonia they were brother and sister .
so they woke up .
and they decided to go for a walk .
since it was summer they loved the nice breeze and the weather .
so they decided to go out to a forest just to watch and sit down and talk and enjoy the weather .
and then they hear some noises .
they hear people talking .
they hear things moving .
so they go out .
and they go behind a bush .
and they look .
and they can't believe their eyes .
they see what they think is a spaceship and aliens walking out .
Sonia couldn't believe her eyes .
she was so excited .
but not mike .
he was scared .
he thought that they might get in trouble if something happens to them .
but Sonia really really wanted to go and say hi .
but mike was holding her back .
then suddenly <> mike let go .
Sonia was about to go say hi .
but then she stopped and thought what happens if they're bad .
what happens if something does happen to me ?
you can't describe anyone just because how they look .
even if they are aliens that doesn't mean that they can be nice .
so she decided not to .
and mike was proud of her .
they both went home and forgot about the whole thing .
but every single day they went back into the forest to check if the aliens were still there .
Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't decide between a happy meal and a hamburger .
and then Raymond got a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
and his mom got a salad .
and then Lisa decided to get a happy meal and fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it was all twelve fifty .
then their mom realized that she left her purse at home .
one day dale got up .
and he looked at his alarm clock .
and it was already thirty minutes past the time he hadta get up .
and so he ran to his +...
he ran to the breakfast table .
and he was looking at the clock while pouring the milk .
and he poured too much milk .
and it spilled out of the bowl .
and then he went and got dressed real quickly .
and then he tried putting his shoes on .
and then his shoelace snapped .
and then he got his bookbag and went outside .
and then right as he went outside the bus drove away .
so he hadta run to school .
and then his teacher said that he was late .
and he got in trouble .
he had a really bad day .
one day two children were coming home from school .
they decided to walk in the park and play baseball .
when they got there they saw a big yellow disk saucer thing .
on the thing there was some strange markings .
they were trying to read it from behind a bush .
and then a door opened on the saucer .
a little alien and then two bigger aliens came out .
and <> they were carrying a <> smaller alien on a leash .
the girl wanted to go out and see them .
but the boy didn't want want her to .
[^ sighs] he said that the aliens may have laser guns .
so she didn't listen to him .
and then she ran ahead and looked at the aliens .
they they took out their little laser guns .
and then she ran away as fast as she could .
and then the boy <> went to see what happened .
and then he was blasted .
and then she went home and tried to tell her dad what happened .
and when he came they were gone .
and there wasn't any markings of them left to prove that they were there .
the end .
once the kid with the r@l name and Lisa got home .
and their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
they both screamed Mcdonalds .
so they got into the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
on the way there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her mother and the kid with the r@l had decided they were going to have a cheeseburger .
they had already decided what they wanted .
when they gotta the Mcdonalds the kid with the r@l name and his mother ordered a <> cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
Lisa decided to order a happy meal <> a coke and a chocolate cone .
when the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and something cents .
but when the mother went to pick up the purse the purse wasn't there .
they had left it at the <> kitchen counter at home .
it was Andrew's first day of school .
but he stayed up all night the night before .
when he woke up it was eight thirty .
and he knew he was going to be very late .
so he hadta <> hurry as fast as he could .
he ran downstairs and tried to fix breakfast as fast as he could .
but the milk spilled .
and <> he had a bad xxx .
then he xxx tried getting dressed .
when he <> put on his shoes one of the laces had broke off it .
he hadta <> get another lace and <> put it in .
once Andrew got his book bag together and his xxx prepared he ran for the bus stop .
but it was too late .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
after a long long time he finally made it to school .
but his teacher was not happy .
it was a sunny summer day when Miranda and Alex were at the <> park were having a picnic .
they were playing games and Hide_And_Go_Seek and <> then tag .
Miranda looked up and saw something whizzing everywhere in the air .
it was <> orange and yellow .
she wondered what it was .
it started to land right near the field that was there .
Alex freaked out and hid behind a bush .
but Miranda looked to see what it was .
she saw coming out of it eight different aliens .
they were all wearing purple and had tentacles .
they also were carrying a weird dog for their pet including luggage .
Miranda wanted to see who they were .
but Alex said no way .
<> finally Miranda dragged him over there .
and they met with them .
they became friends with the aliens and .
on tuesday &*INV:mhm when the kids got home from school her mother just really wanted to go to lunch .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so then when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to get .
but Raymond and his mom did .
and then Raymond ordered a vanilla shake and some french_fries .
I don't know what her mom ordered .
but Lisa got some chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and then when the clerk told them it would cost twelve dollars and something cents she realized that she didn't have her purse .
and she remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
Joe slept in late one day .
and then when he <> finally woke up he looked at the clock and decided he was gonna be late for school .
and then he hurried up .
he tried to make breakfast .
then he poured the milk .
and it spilled all over .
and that made him even later .
then when he was changing and he put on his shoes one of his shoelaces snapped .
and he just wasn't having a very good day .
and when he finally got outside he missed the bus .
and he hadta run all the way to school .
and when he finally got there it looks like his teacher is pointing at her watch and saying that he's late .
Vicky and Ryan were on a picnic with their class because they did such a good job on their essay tests .
and they got lost .
and they were trying to find their way back when they heard a strange beeping noise .
and then they looked to see what it was .
but they couldn't find it .
so they looked a little longer .
and finally they saw this really weird faked disc sort_of thing .
and they were gonna start recording it .
but then something like a drawbridge started coming down and opening .
so they hid behind the bushes and watched .
and then they saw that there's just a parent and their child .
and the dog came out .
but they weren't real ones .
they had like ten legs .
and and they didn't have any hair .
they had all these dots on their heads .
and so when they went out they looked pretty nice .
but they weren't sure .
<> Vicky thought she was gonna say hi .
but Ryan still thought it was +...
he didn't wanna do it .
but when Vicky just jumped out they happened to be really friendly .
and they talked to them .
and then she decided that she didn't want any of the other humans to find out about this race .
so they played for a little bit .
but then told them they hadta get back to their picnic before they were found out missing .
and then the aliens were sad at first .
but then they realized that no one could stay forever .
so they left in their ship .
and Vicky and Ryan went back to their trip .
okay .
when they came home from school her mother said <> we're going out tonight .
and so she asked where do you wanna go ?
and they all screamed Mcdonalds .
and so her mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she want .
she either couldn't decide the Big_Mac or happy meal .
Raymond and the mom knew what they wanted .
and when they gotta the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa she ordered a happy meal with a coke and chocolate icecream .
and the cash register guy or girl asked that would be twelve dollars ninety five cents .
and she went to go to get her purse .
she just remembered she left it on the kitchen table .
and is that it ?
okay .
he woke up and had a very bad day .
should I say a title for it ?
okay .
The_Bad_Day .
he he woke up late .
and then he got very confused and just poured milk everywhere .
he he snapped his shoelaces when he was tying .
he missed the bus .
and when he came he got there just in time because he can run really fast .
okay .
one day when +...
can I make up names or anything ?
Robert called Emily over for a playdate .
and they wanted to go for a picnic .
so they went for a picnic .
and then they heard this really weird <> sounding thing .
and they went to go check .
and they saw aliens .
and Robert he said I think we should go back .
and when he started to run .
but Emily grabbed him just in time and said no let's go explore .
maybe we can be friends .
and then Robert thought this was a bad idea .
but it turned out that they were just landing and xxx .
and they were moving here .
and so Robert he got really frightened and thought that they were kill them and bring them back .
so he ran away .
and then he waited a while .
and and when he came back he saw Emily talking with the aliens .
she was laughing .
so were the aliens too .
she didn't make up a name for the dog .
well if it is a dog .
and and they made up a name .
it was called fluffy because he has a lot of fluff on him .
and so they they made friends .
and then Robert started to cry when they hadta leave .
and because in their time moving there is two hours .
and earth place when they say moving they mean stay permanent .
and so he got really mad and sad .
and so they go back .
and they try to tell their parents .
just that they don't believe them .
and then like the next next year on the same day they see them again .
and they're really happy .
and this time they stay for permanent .
and they mean permanent .
and so they just stay and have picnic .
and they asked .
they had nowhere to live because they had no real money .
so they go and live in Emily's house because she's the one that enjoys having them there .
and then they live happily ever after .
they ordered their food .
and then it was twelve fifty .
and they forgot the purse at home .
the end .
and they ate at Mcdonalds .
he's having a really bad day .
he wakes up .
and he's late for school .
when he tries pouring milk for his cereal it starts spilling out because he's looking at the clock .
when he tries to tie his shoe it shoelace comes <> off .
it snaps off .
and then the bus leaves without him .
so he hasta run to school .
and then the principal's taping her watch <> saying he's late .
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who were walking to a park .
the girl was very interested in aliens .
then when they were just about to reach the park they heard the sound of air pushing up .
when they peered out from behind a bush they saw a family of aliens and a big spaceship with letters they cannot read coming out .
the father was carrying bags .
the mother was holding a child's hand who held their dog named spark .
and as they walk out the girl wanted to run over and talk to the aliens .
her friend held her back and said that they shouldn't go over to the aliens because they might hurt us .
but she shoved him away and went out .
then the aliens abducted her .
and took out her brains .
and the boy tried to stop them .
but that same thing happened to them .
and then the aliens left back to mars .
the end .
their mother asked them where they wanted to eat .
and Raymond and the other person said they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered something and a vanilla shake .
and their mother ordered salad and other stuff .
and and then Raymond's sister decided that she would have a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother realized that she forgot their purse at their house .
one day Tom woke up .
and he was an hour late .
and the alarm didn't go on .
so he got ready and poured his milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
and he was running out of time .
then when he was done eating his breakfast he put his <> morning clothes on and went to tie his shoe .
but the shoelace broke .
and he was really frustrated .
and then when he went to the busstop the bus left .
<> so he went back home .
and his mom gave him a ride to school .
and when he gotta school he was in trouble from his teacher .
one day Tom and Sara went to go to a picnic .
and they saw a strange light in the sky .
then all of a sudden a spaceship came down .
and octopus people came out of it with the +...
and they looked sort of like humans with a pet that sort of was like a dog .
Tom was afraid and wanted to run .
but Sara was weird and was so excited that she ran towards the alien alien octopus people .
but when she came close they disappeared .
then they went back home and told everybody the story .
and then they were really scared .
well the mom said <> we're gonna go out to eat .
and the kids said +...
well the mom said where do you wanna go eat ?
and they they both shouted to Mcdonalds .
so they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
Robert and the mom knew .
then Lisa didn't think the mom hadn't ordered yet .
she was the last one to order .
and so they went to the register .
he talked first .
he said I'd like to have the cheeseburger with fries and a large milkshake .
and then the mom ordered .
and she says I'll order a salad .
and Lisa said I know what I'm gonna order .
please give me a happy meal with fries and chocolate icecream cone .
the guy at the register said that cost <> twelve dollars and ninety five cents .
but the problem was the mom forgot her purse in the house on the kitchen counter .
well the way I'll put the story +...
he forgot to put his alarm clock .
and school starts at seven or something .
so he looked at his alarm clock .
he said how come it didn't ring .
so he looked in back .
he got breakfast .
he was looking at the clock .
he put <> without cutting the <> banana and put milk in it .
then he was tying his shoes .
and then a shoelace ripped .
and then he just forgot about it .
so he just ran after the bus .
he was running and telling it to stop .
and then when he gotta school the teacher was out waiting outside just in_case everybody gets in .
nobody gets late .
and then he got in trouble .
and the principal was pointing at her watch .
there .
I'll call this alien alien invasion .
okay .
I'm guessing well +...
one day two people john and Mary were walking through the forest .
then they heard this weird rrrrr@c .
and so they went to go check it out .
they saw this bright light .
that they couldn't know what it was .
so they wanted to go and check it out .
when the ship stopped they saw some aliens .
they saw a mom a dad and a alien dog .
their name was Fred bob and Jenny .
the dog was xxx .
okay .
and then Mary went went to go check it out .
but Joe didn't let her .
so they went to go look who they were .
and then they saw .
how come they have a lot of leg ?
the dog had normal leg .
but it didn't look normal .
so they <> found some weird alien writing .
and they went to go xxx tell the president .
the president didn't believe them at all .
then they went back and showed the president .
they were siting on that bench there there <> eating lunch .
the president said let's call nine one one or security or FBI or anything .
when the aliens heard him they said we come in peace .
but the president didn't believe them and said attack !
but the FBI police or government wasn't there .
so the aliens slept .
and Mary and Joe said thank god that's over .
the end .
on a tuesday their mom asked their two kids what they wanted to eat for that day .
and they said Mcdonalds !
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to have .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then they go to the store .
and Lisa orders something .
and <> her brother orders a milkshake .
and her mom orders something .
and then the clerk says that the total is twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then <> the mom suddenly figures out that she left her money at home .
so they do not know what to do .
one day this boy got up late and realized that he was very late for school .
so he really quickly got up and tried to make his breakfast .
but everything messed up .
and then he got ready and showered and went to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace came off .
then after he got his shoes he went outside and went for the school bus .
<> and while he was going to the school bus the school bus started to go away .
and he was late for school .
and then finally he comes to the school .
and his teacher tells him that he is late .
that's all .
one sunday morning two children named Billy and Jessica went out to the woods to play with their ball .
when they arrive at the park they see a spaceship with weird looking creatures on it .
they do not know what they are .
Jessica asked Billy what is that ?
is that a actor or some clown or something ?
then Billy says no that's not .
I think it's a alien from tv .
let's go see what they're doing .
then they go there .
they go to the spaceship to see them .
they ask what are you doing here ?
and they answer we are from another planet [% child laughs] .
they then get really scared and go back home and tell their parents .
their parents say that's hard to believe .
I don't know how you could see an alien .
that's impossible .
then the children say no but we really saw it with our own eyes .
we really saw it .
and the parents say okay let's go see if you're right .
then they all go to the park .
but the spaceship was gone .
then the children say I could have sworn I saw it .
I saw the spaceship .
it was a big one .
there was so many creatures there .
there was aliens there .
they said they were from another planet .
then the dad says well if they were here I would believe you .
but it might have been a dream .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school , their mother told them that they were going to go out tonight and where did they wanna go .
they both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
<> as they were going there , Raymond and and his mother both knew what they wanted .
but Lisa was trying to decide between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
when they got there , Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake , french_fries , and a cheeseburger .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa decided to get a happy meal , a chocolate icecream cone , and a coke .
but the total amount of money was twelve dollars fifty .
but when their mother reached for where her purse should have been , she suddenly remembered that she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day , George got out of bed rather a little too late for his liking .
and because of the fact that he was late , he rushed .
he wasn't really able to eat breakfast .
his lace broke on top of everything .
he just kept staring at the clock .
and when he finally got out , he missed the bus by the odd two seconds .
and he hadta walk to school which was a rather long twenty mile trip .
and his bicycle was in the repair shop .
so he couldn't ride .
his teacher was none too happy about this .
and if she hadn't been in a good mood about the projects that had been turned in yesterday , she would've given him detention .
instead , she let him off with a warning .
one day , Dana and Hugo [% child laughs] were walking .
and they were taking a picnic lunch to their favorite park bench .
but on their way , they heard this loud &=hums in other words a humming sound .
and this odd looking spaceship arrived .
and when the the spaceship landed , a door opened on the side .
and a family of squidlike aliens emerged .
with them was this odd looking thing of supposedly their impression of a dog .
and Dana wanted to go and meet them .
but Hugo wasn't so sure .
he'd been reading too many science fiction books .
so he thought they had like alien zapper guns or something .
and anyway a squid family had a picnic lunch too .
they walked over to the bench .
and they sat down .
now this got Hugo rather mad because he really wanted a lunch because Dana was his girlfriend .
and it's the whole thing anyway .
and so they just decided to go up and see if they could get their bench back .
but instead , they ended up becoming rather good friends with the aliens .
they even got some photos .
mhm .
yep .
and they also got a few other souvenirs .
&=sighs Hugo , for example , got a book and a and a squidish@n to to english dictionary &=laughs .
and every once in a while , these squid families would arrive .
and they'd have lunch because .
and only Hugo and Dana knew about them .
although they did try to tell their parents .
their parents sent them both to a psychiatrist , which was not really enjoyable .
but but they they blabbed on for which the psychiatrist lost his nerve completely .
and that's the story of the squid family .
on tuesday xxx and got home .
and their mother said that we're gonna go eat out .
xxx asked where they wanted to eat .
and the kids Lisa and Raymond said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and went off to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order +/.
Lisa did didn't know what to order when they got there between like a Big_Mac and happy meal .
and xxx the mom and Raymond knew what to order .
and so Raymond ordered the cheeseburger and french_fries and a large vanilla shake .
and her mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal coke with chocolate icecream .
okay .
they ordered .
the clerk said that'd be &*INV:okay twelve ninety seven .
and then xxx the mom realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and then it says what should they do ?
the boy woke up late .
and then he +...
looking at the clock while pouring milk .
and it spilled all over the place .
then his shoelace broke .
and then he missed the bus .
and the principal was probably asking him why is he so late .
these two kids were walking .
and then in the park .
and then they <> saw a spaceship and alien things .
they were walking .
and they saw a ship .
and four aliens and a dog and stuff .
probably like coming to camp .
and the girl started started to run but the kid grabbed her .
and +...
and he didn't wanna go +/.
he didn't really wanna go .
so he tried to stop her .
and dragging him over there .
trying to meet them .
and +...
xxx xxx xxx .
and so they went .
then hid behind a bush and watched what they were doing .
and they decided that they probably weren't really bad and stuff &*INV:okay and went to go talk to them &*INV:mhm and stuff .
they wanted to go to a place to eat .
not a lot .
boy got out of bed went down to breakfast [*] .
he spilled the bowl of milk couldn't tie his shoes [*] .
the bus left without him .
he walked to school tired .
aliens came to earth .
the kids wanted to find out about them .
I don't know how do stories .
they they went to Mcdonalds .
and +...
.
I don't know .
.
he's gonna be late to school .
he gets breakfast .
and he's spilling the milk .
then he gets his shoes on .
and the bus leaves without him .
and he +...
I don't know how to get there .
there's a big ship .
and +...
what are these ?
aliens aliens ?
aliens come out .
they said ahh@c !
and +...
I don't know .
they didn't know what they wanted .
can't think .
he's having problems .
I can't think .
xxx his head was ringing when the clock ringing [*] .
he had a hard time his breakfast ready [*] .
he had a hard time tying his shoes .
he had a hard time running after his bus .
and he gotta school .
aliens came down from mars .
they had a kid named Ed and a brother and a dog .
and they went to earth .
that's all I remember .
the end .
chocolate ice tea .
and the boy had chocolate shake [*] .
<> the boy had chocolate shake [*] .
<> the chick was done .
and the Mac the xxx xxx +...
the xxx xxx xxx back .
and +...
had a happy meal .
wanted a happy meal happy meal .
they I don't know what they are going to sing .
okay .
okay .
he was late for school .
and he spilled the milk .
and his shoelaces broke .
and his missed the bus .
he went to school .
while him walked to school [*] +...
and him missed the bus [*] .
and he <> walked to school .
them saw aliens and a ship [*] .
yep .
and a alien dog [*] .
and hims [: his] a this [*] .
and her Jabed him [*] .
and that's all .
and he waved .
and his ship went up .
and that's all .
I can't say it .
their mom didn't have the fifty cents and the other dollar .
fifty cents .
I can't .
I don't know .
I forgot .
she wanted some like the happy meal &*INV:mhm and chocolate something like xxx [*] .
first he woke up .
then he was making his breakfast .
and then he he was gonna tie his shoe .
it broke .
his shoelace broke .
and he went out to the bus .
he was getting late .
and when he gotta school &*INV:mhm he walked &*INV:mhm into class .
I don't know the rest . [+ bch]
xxx xxx xxx aliens xxx from outer space .
went to the little Islan .
and the dog (3.) and a kid in his little hat xxx .
and that's it .
on tuesday Danny and I don't remember the girl's name +...
they shouted Mcdonalds when they went out to eat not at night [*] .
and Danny ordered some cheeseburger [*] french fries and a big icecream cone .
and the sister ordered a chocolate icecream cone .
and they didn't have their money .
and is that it ?
when uh what's his name ?
oh Samantha ?
I'll call her Samantha .
when Samantha got up out of bed it was time to wake up .
and then when he got in the kitchen he fixed some cereal [*] .
and then he poured a lot of milk in there .
and it wasted [*] .
and then when he started to get up and finish eat breakfast he got up [*] .
he sat down .
he tied his shoe .
but one of his shoelace broke .
and then when he got up he wanted to [*] ride on the school bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
the end .
soon when the wife and the dad went through the woods they saw a ship .
though it looks like a alien ship .
and they saw some aliens and a alien dog .
they walked over on the grass .
and they talked .
and then they said look there's a table we can eat at .
and then they sat at the table .
they ate .
[*] and then they drove off .
and then when they were ready to go the ship came back .
the end .
when Lisa and Raymond [*] got home from school their mom said [*] where do you wanna eat tonight .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car [*] .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted .
and she finally decided .
and then when they got at the counter Raymond said I want a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and their mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa said to the clerk I want a happy meal with a diet Coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said that will be <> twelve dollars and seven cents .
and the mom reached into her purse .
and it wasn't there .
they should go home and get her purse .
um hm: hm: (6.) okay now I remember .
they should go home and get her purse .
Robert got up from school one day .
and he went to get breakfast .
and he was late for school .
and his shoes lace broke off .
and he missed the school bus .
and he chased after him .
and he couldn't get to it .
and then he gotta school .
and the principal said Robert you're late again .
one day on a saturday when the kids came out to the park a flying saucer came down from the sky .
and there was an alien family .
and bobby and Sara saw them .
Sara wanted to go and meet them .
and bobby thought it was a bad idea .
and Sara grabbed his hand .
and bobby tried not to go .
and she kept pulling him harder and harder and harder .
and then they both went .
bobby hid behind a bush .
Sara went and met them .
then Sara yelled out to bobby it's okay .
and then bobby came out .
and then they all met each other .
and they were all best friends forever .
yes ?
that they wanted to go out .
(5.) hm: I think I remember something .
they went to Mcdonalds .
[^ (8.)] (10.) I can almost remember how much the salad cost .
hm (26.) .
uhhuh .
looks like that guy is waking up getting cereal ready tying his shoe going to the bus at school [*] .
hm: I said at school at this part .
they landed in the park .
and then funny strange octopuses came out .
and then a funny strange space dog came out .
like I think these are funny strange octopuses .
and then two kids saw those funny people .
that's all I think this story has .
that it came from a planet in outer space xxx the earth .
Julie and peter when got back home from school the mother said they were going out tonight [*] .
the mother said where do you wanna go .
Julie and peter said Mcdonalds .
so they drive to Mcdonalds .
and they xxx .
and I can't remember .
peter got out of bed .
and he went downstairs to eat his breakfast .
he spilled his milk all over the table .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace broke .
and he's too late for school .
the school bus already went past .
and when peter gotta school he was too late for school .
once there was some aliens .
and they wanted to go down to earth .
they flew down to earth .
and then they they got off .
and they went on to earth .
the little girl saw the aliens .
she wanted to go see them .
but she pulled her father with her .
but her father said no .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
then they got in the car .
and their mom drove them to the closest one .
uh other story .
the boy woke up .
and then he went downstairs and spilled milk .
then he's trying to tie his shoe .
and the shoestring broke .
then he was trying to catch the bus .
and he didn't catch the bus .
and then he's going into classroom [*] .
there's aliens coming off the spaceship (4.) with a dog .
and the alien's waving goodbye .
and the person started coming to walk (6.) in the grass .
mother said [*] would you guys like to go out ?
and they <> both said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the girl didn't know what she wanted .
but mom and Ricky knew what she wanted [*] .
[*] and mom said salad .
and the boy said cheeseburger Happy_Meal with a [% tape malfunctions] chocolate <> something .
but then she realized she forgot her purse .
but then Mister_Person said that will cost twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and then mother remembered that she forgot her purse .
and that's all I remember .
how about Joe ?
when Joe woke up it was time for him to get ready to go to school .
he had breakfast but he made a mess .
and then he tried to tie his shoe .
but the shoestring got ripped off .
and then it was time for him to leave .
but the school bus went went before he got there .
so he hadta walk to school .
and it was time for school .
and he was late .
that's all .
I'll call this one When_The_Aliens_And_The_Humans .
one day the aliens thought it was a good day to land on earth .
so they did .
and they brought their dog with them .
this girl she saw the alien's spaceship .
and she saw some aliens .
a guy was frightened .
and a kid he he was holding the dog .
and mother said good_day .
and Pappa brought his stuff .
and they were staying there for a week .
and that's all .
Lisa and bob came from school .
and the mom asked them where did they wanna go [*] .
and they couldn't decide .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
so Lisa couldn't decide what she want .
but the the brother wanted some salad .
and then <> she said I want a big icecream and a Coca_Cola a kidsmeal [*] .
[*] and the Mcdonalds <> man said twelve fifty .
and the mom left the purse .
and I don't know what happened after that .
they went back home and got the purse .
what did they do ?
I remember the last part .
I couldn't remember the last part .
he has his arm stuck on that .
and he spilled his milk .
he broke his shoestring .
and the boy got left from the school bus [*] .
and now the teacher is mad .
and he's sad because he got left .
the two children were playing .
and the aliens got off .
and the dog got off .
and the daddy got off .
and the momma got off .
and the baby got off .
and then the aliens scared em ?
they scared them .
and the little boy was scared .
<> and the aliens got the boy ?
yes .
that's all .
the ship went .
yeah .
.
they didn't have any money .
the the mom left the purse at home .
and the +...
Lisa wanted a happy meal .
and she didn't have any money .
and Raymond xxx xxx xxx .
one day +...
he woke up .
[<] he bumped his head .
and he went downstairs .
and he tried to pour the milk .
and he spilled it .
and he was trying to tie his shoes .
but the string came off .
and the bus left him .
and he walked to school .
and he got a good grade .
one day they went to the park .
and <> some alien parents and a kid and a dog came .
and a little kid wanted to see them .
and the dad said no .
and and she tried to drag him over .
and and all the aliens had spots on them .
[^ child makes slurping sound] and he wanna go over there to see them really bad .
and +...
the two kids <> were at school .
then they came back .
their mom asked them what they wanted for dinner or where they wanted to go .
and they said Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind of what she wanted to have [*] .
her brother and mom knew exactly what they wanted .
they ordered what they wanted .
finally Lisa made up her mind .
and when her mom started to pay for the food she realized she forgot her purse .
0 .
they went back home and got her purse .
once there was a little boy .
and he woke up from bed .
he went to the kitchen tried to make breakfast [*] .
but the <> milk spilled .
he got on his shoes and his clothes .
but he was too late .
the bus already <> was there .
and some other kids were too .
he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school he was kind of late .
the end .
once there was four aliens who came from outer space in the spaceship .
they had a pet dog that was a alien .
and they all had eight legs .
they were purple with blue dots .
there was a brother a aunt and a mom and a sister .
and then two humans came .
they saw the aliens .
and one of them got freaked out .
the other one was excited .
he had an idea to go and talk to them .
the other one was still freaked out of that idea [*] (5.) cause he thought that they were mean aliens .
the end .
she (7.) got something .
he got hurt .
and he spilled .
he broke a shoelace xxx xxx xxx .
he missed the school bus in this picture .
he hadta walk back .
they saw aliens .
twenty with big eyes I think .
and there was a dog with four legs .
and they saw a saucer .
and they were living there .
and they were coming out .
and the boy got scared .
and this one was holding two smoking sticks .
and a sleeping bag and her her purse .
and the dog had a lot of fur .
that's all to tell [*] .
[>] .
once there was two little boys and girls with their mom [*] .
and their mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where would you wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa [*] didn't know what she was gonna eat .
but the mom and don't I forget his name &*INV:okay knew what they wanted to order [*] .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal with a cheeseburger coke and a chocolate cone .
the mom ordered a salad .
I don't remember what the boy ordered .
and it was all twelve fifty .
and the mom just reached for her purse .
and she couldn't find it .
and if her checkbook was there she could have wrote a check &*INV:mhm to the man .
that's about all .
once there was a boy .
and he was sleeping .
and his alarm clock went off .
and he woke up .
when he got out of bed looked like he hurt his head [*] .
and when he tried to pour the milk in his cereal it spilled .
and it was almost time for school .
[*] and then he put his shoes on .
and he broke his shoelace .
[*] and then he walked out of his house to get the bus .
but the bus left without him .
and then he walked all the way to school .
and the principal said he was late .
I don't xxx what story to tell about .
and xxx went to school .
I don't really know after that .
once a boy and girl were playing in a park .
and they were playing around when this spaceship landed down .
and these aliens came out .
and the boy was scared .
but the girl wanted to go and see them .
so [*] the girl was pulling the boy over to the aliens .
and there was a daddy alien a mommy alien a baby alien and a dog alien .
and (25.) +...
hm:: nothing goes on xxx .
hm: I don't know .
eight &=sighs I don't know .
yeah I guess .
one day their mother asked them we're gonna go out to eat [*] .
where would you like to go out out to eat tonight ?
they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and they both shouted [% whispers] Mcdonalds .
that my xxx .
they went there .
when they gotta the counter this mother and son both knew what they wanted .
then she said she wanted a cheeseburger with a chocolate icecream cone and a soda .
and that's all I can remember .
first the boy was sleeping .
and he heard his clock .
then he had trouble <> pouring his milk <> for his cereal .
then he broke his shoelace .
then he was too late for the bus .
then he wasn't on time for school .
one day some people were at the park <> on saturday .
and then suddenly this big alien spaceship came .
and they were aliens on it [*] .
and then the people were so terrified .
and they all went away to get help .
and then they told the police .
and they arrested the aliens until they could prove they were guilty .
the end .
they went to Mcdonalds .
(8.) the children's mom asked them where do you wanna go tonight .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they walked into the store (5.) the mother and the daughter knew what they wanted .
but (3.) the boy couldn't make up his mind .
and the girl (3.) wanted a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm and a chocolate cone &*INV:mhm .
and the boy wanted a milkshake and a chocolate cone .
and the guy in the story said that'll be sixty cents and fifty dollars .
the mother opened her bag and it wasn't there .
and she forgot that she left all her money at the table counter [*] .
the boy named Todd bumped his head when when he wake up [*] .
he looked at the clock while he was pouring his milk .
he broke his shoelace .
he missed the bus .
he said to the teacher I'm late .
Casey saw these (5.) ants .
and they had eight legs .
and they came out of this weird rocketship .
they had a doggy named puffy .
and the mother was a daughter .
and the father was a daughter .
but Michael said don't go over there there are scary things .
but Casey said they look friendly very friendly [*] .
but the dog looks a little weird .
the end .
they forgot their purse .
and the mom said you know what we're going out to eat [*] .
and their mom said <> where do you wanna do [*] ?
and they both said [% child screams] Mcdonalds .
xxx xxx .
and she forgot the purse .
and the money talked .
twelve dollar and fifty cent .
that's all I remember .
the kid got out of bed .
and he was late for school .
and he hadta fix breakfast .
and he spilled that breakfast .
and he missed the bus .
and <> he hadta walk all the way to school .
and the teacher +...
um I think that is the teacher .
and she said <> what +...
she looked at her watch .
and she and probably said you're late .
done .
I hafta start the name Aliens_Come_To_Earth .
look because they are come to earth .
when they gotta here at the park the <> alien shouted to them [*] .
and they saw aliens walking out .
and and the girl wanted to tell them .
and the guy said +...
and she grabbed an arm [*] .
[*] and then she wanted to see the aliens for some reason .
and I don't know what next .
that's it .
uh yeah .
the smoke come out right there .
I I don't know what .
and and there something said on the alien's ship [*] .
and there's something on there .
[<] there's a bench there .
[<] some tree there .
[<] grass and a bush .
that's all I can say .
[<] there's a dog .
and they have a dog .
a funny looking one .
I know .
that's all .
I forget the story .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
the mom forgot the money .
there's this boy named jack .
and when he woke up he was late .
and then when he looked at the clock when he was fixing breakfast he put too many milk [*] in his <> cereal bowl .
and when he was putting on his shoes he broke a shoelace .
then he was late +...
the school bus passed his house .
and then when he gotta school his teacher said you're late jack .
there was two kids named jack and Michelle .
they saw five people having a picnic .
but they really weren't people .
they were aliens .
when they went over there and saw them they knew that they were aliens .
but jack tried to tell Michelle .
but Michelle wouldn't listen .
they really were aliens .
they didn't get their food .
um I don't know .
I don't know anything except the questions .
he got out of bed and hit his head .
he he didn't pay attention to the milk .
and he made a flood .
he didn't get cereal .
he broke his string .
he was late for school .
he missed the bus .
his teacher's mad that he was late for school .
so he was in trouble .
well there were aliens .
and and they were trying get over there .
but the boy was scared .
and the girl wanted to get over there and see the aliens .
but the ship was going away .
and then the aliens brought a dog and camp stuff .
one night when they came home from school their mother told them they're going somewhere to eat .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when Lisa got there she did not know what to order .
uh what's the boy's name again ?
I forgot .
the boy and their mother knew what they were gonna have .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said I want a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream .
is that cool ?
is that good ?
their mother forgot her purse .
yeah .
one day a boy went to school .
he had problems .
he overfilled his bowl .
he broke his shoelace .
and he was late for the school bus .
and the teacher was waiting outside the door .
one day some kids were walking in the woods .
the kids' names were Daniel and Fred .
a strange thing came by that looked like a flying boat .
but it had weird markings on it .
and some aliens came out .
and the aliens' pet [*] was fly xxx .
the end .
Mcdonalds .
eat .
got out_o(f) bed .
he fixed breakfast .
he put his shoes on .
he ran to the bus .
went to school .
aliens .
children .
because they got off the ship .
the kids ran home from school .
mom told them that we're going out to eat [*] .
and they bothed [: both] [* m:+ed] yelled Burger_King out [*] .
and they jumped into the car .
and mom drove them to the nearest Burger_King .
and her brother ordered a cheeseburger [*] and fries and a vanilla vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the sister ordered a happy meal with fries and an icecream cone that was a chocolate [*] .
and (10.) I don't remember the rest of it .
a boy named bob woke up .
and he was having milk .
but he spilled the milk and cereal .
and he is tying his shoe .
and then the the thing broke off .
and then he walked out the door .
and [*] he was late for his bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and he was late for school .
and his teacher feeled mad because he was late for school .
there was a boy and a woman that woke up .
and then they went to a forest .
and they saw the ship .
and then there was aliens coming out of it .
and the guy was scared .
and the woman wanted to go out and see them .
and then (6.) the space people when they went out there they disappeared [*] .
and the guy and the woman went home .
the end .
tuesday morning when Ron and Laura got home from school they ask their mother could we go out to eat tonight .
their mother said yes .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
their mother wanted a salad .
then Ron he wanted a shake <> and a happy meal and a coke .
and Laura she wanted a soda .
she wanted a happy meal and a icecream cone .
then their mom left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
and so they couldn't buy the food .
it starts when him fixes his <> breakfast [*] .
and he hadta put his shoes on .
but his shoestring broke .
and the bus left her [*] .
so he walked .
and a girl was following .
she said why aren't you not on the bus .
and he said because I missed it .
then he tried to go catch the bus .
and while he was trying to catch the bus the school was right beside him .
I'm a name it Alien_Ship .
once there was two aliens and one dog .
and there were two <> persons .
a boy and a girl that was hiding behind a bush so aliens wouldn't get them .
and one day the alien was walking into the forest and saw another dog .
and this dog barked at him and tried to bite him .
but the other dog went home anyway .
and the aliens followed him .
and once the aliens knocked on the dog .
then house door [*] .
they thought that it was a alien .
but it was a person because they dressed up in alien costumes .
finished .
<> their mother said we're going out to eat today .
and they shouted out Mcdonalds .
and +...
eighteen I didn't hear the rest .
they ate though .
I know that question .
I forgot the rest .
once upon a time there was a boy that was sleeping .
the clock woke him up .
he was pouring his milk .
it spilled on the table .
he tried tying his shoe .
his shoelace came off .
he was late for his bus .
he hadta walk to school .
he was very tired .
his teacher said where you late today [*] ?
and he said yes .
did you miss your bus ?
he said yes .
xxx .
do we hafta clean up ?
his teacher said did you miss your bus today ?
he said yes .
he he went inside .
he looked very sleepy .
his classmates were very proud because he got here very early .
his classmates wanted to play with him .
they wanted to play with him .
<> they had recess .
and they played hide-and-go-seek in the bushes .
and he had a good hiding place today .
nobody nobody never found him .
his bell rang .
it was really his friends that rung it [*] .
and he came out where he was in the bushes .
and they tricked him to find him .
now they said where were you ?
I was hiding in the bush over there .
they were looking for him so bad that they thought he ran to the other school .
they had fun .
uh there's somebody xxx .
they had fun .
they even hadta play tag [*] .
and he wanted to play another game .
that was a game when you go down a slide .
and somebody gotta play around .
and they gotta played hide-and-go-seek again [*] .
they had a good time .
it was very good .
and now it was time to eat snack .
then they all three ate snack .
they went outside again to play .
they were playing hide-and-go-seek again .
they had a lot of time to play .
they had really fun [*] .
the end .
once upon a time there was a boy and girl .
the boy was very scared because he sawed (8.) a alien coming out the <> any space [*] .
he saw a funny dog .
he yelled stop .
look there are aliens at the park .
they ran home .
they told their father and mother to come to the park with them to see if they had aliens xxx .
and they saw the aliens .
they ran home .
they hide under their covers so the aliens won't see them over here .
like a xxx under covers (5.) .
they did not have fun today .
they they went home to play their video games for a little while .
then they went back to the park to see if the aliens were there .
they weren't there .
that was a free park for anybody to go to .
after that there was another friend that they came to the park [*] .
they played a game .
it called hopscotch .
they had fun playing .
so they hadta go to bed .
goodbye sayed their the friends [*] .
and they gotta stay up for a little while .
and they hadta go to the bed [*] .
the end .
[<] .
two kids asked their mother where to eat .
and then the two kids I do not know this ?
blah_blah_blah_blah@o .
I don't xxx .
one little boy that woke up .
and he had breakfast .
and he was gonna tie his shoe on the way to school .
the school bus passed by when he fixed his shoelace when he ripped it off [*] .
and he hadta walk to school .
and his teacher said you're tardy .
and all the class was working working working .
and he told the teacher what happened to his shoelace .
and the teacher put him to work .
the end .
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl .
and they went to the park to play .
and the boy was really scared .
but his sister wasn't .
he was excited .
but the boy saw those aliens that were coming out of the ship .
and he said no wait stop there's aliens .
and he also saw an alien dog .
they were packing from their ship .
and he saw a mother a father a baby girl and a dog .
he saw the ship .
and they're going to earth to play .
so then he grabbed his sister's arm .
and his sister saw the aliens .
they ran home and told their mom and dad .
but then once they got there the aliens and the ship were gone .
the end .
they wanted <> to go to Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car [*] .
and their mother drive .
and they were there .
and they were walking in .
and the girl didn't know what to order .
or the french fry or [*] +...
I don't remember what the first thing's called .
happy meal .
yes .
okay (3.) the boy woke up at the same time .
he he spilled the milk .
and he was getting cereal .
but he broke the +...
but he spilled the milk .
he was going to get his shoes on .
but the lace broke .
he was going out .
but but he misseded [: missed] [* m:+ed] the bus [*] .
and he walkeded [: walked] [* m:+ed] to school [*] <> and the teacher said you're late .
yeah .
okay now I'm ready .
the aliens were flying out_o(f) space .
and they landed .
and the aliens um um +...
the guy who's driving opened the door .
and the aliens went out .
the daddy the mom and the baby and the pet and [*] (3.) .
and the boy and girl was happy to see them [*] .
but the boy grabbeded [: grabbed] [* m:+ed] [*] the girl's hand and said don't go they they might shoot you .
(4.) the girl didn't believe her .
and she went off .
but they didn't shoot her .
that's all I know .
that they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and then the girl ordered a chocolate icecream .
and the boy ordered soda cheeseburger [*] .
and the girl ordered pop and a hamburger .
six and they're at their house when they wanted to say Mcdonalds .
and (4.) then (3.) they both screamed Mcdonalds .
and they got in their car .
and then they went in to Mcdonalds .
three and then (4.) they were good .
and then their mom forgot her purse .
one day a kid woke up .
he bumped his head on the back of the bed .
and then he woke up .
he sprayed toothpaste in his eye .
and then he walked downstairs couldn't find his bookbag .
and then his shoelace broke .
and then (5.) he forgot his homework .
and then he went to school .
he didn't get there on time .
and (2.) he got gum on his shoe .
two and then (4.) that's it .
there was a a chinese alien people that came from outer space landed on earth [*] .
and then this girl wanted to come and tell them .
and then they walked .
and then they ate .
and then (2.) they (9.) got a house .
and then went to school .
and then the girl xxx a nap .
why am I so tired now ?
six .
thirteen they went back in the spaceship .
and then they bought a house .
and then her mom xxx .
three .
ten that's it .
her mother xxx fries .
ask me xxx .
hamburger and xxx &*INV:mhm fries hamburger [*] .
and +/.
fries and hamburger .
hamburger .
xxx xxx xxx .
hash browns &*INV:mhm and hamburger and fries &*INV:great and hamburger and hash browns yeah .
he goes to school .
[*] he gotta tie his shoes .
and he miss the bus .
and he miss school .
a alien [*] .
another log another sister and big mom &*INV:mhm and dad [*] .
and the the girl run .
the boy say no .
the dog .
and the xxx +...
what is xxx xxx ?
him dad [*] .
another sister who sits there .
another spaceship .
and that's it too .
when Jane and <> Isaiah got home from school they they +...
and when mom came home <> said we're gonna go out [*] .
where do you want [*] .
where do you wanna go ?
Mcdonalds they shouted out .
leave this right there .
okay .
go go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
mom drove them all to the Mcdonalds .
<> and Jane ordered icecream [*] .
and I forget ordered [*] a chocolate shake .
I want a chocolate shake .
I want chocolate icecream .
but mom +...
what does it all cost ?
fifty cents .
oh she left his wallet at home [*] .
he got out of bed woke up .
and he was hot .
then he pour +...
he wasn't looking .
and he poured milk all over the table .
and then he was trying to tie his shoe .
but his shoelace broke .
he was gonna go to the bus .
but the bus left already .
and he hadta walk to school .
and school was over .
these two were playing when a a spaceship came .
and and left a sister a dog a mom and a father .
and then they got good [*] .
though they can play .
should I take this off ?
but it's quiet .
and that's it .
today is your turn to pick which restaurant you wanna go to because there is nothing to do today .
um and I forget their names .
but they jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
<> and they went to the car .
and their mom drived them to Mcdonalds .
and I forget and and and I forget .
and the person asked for a milkshake icecream .
and I forget what else .
and then the mom looked in her um I forget uh .
and the money wasn't there .
so and that's it .
that's all I know .
well hm:: .
I don't know what his gonna his name's going to be .
so one time (15.) this boy was asleep .
when he heard his alarm clock he was dreaming about he knew how to tie his shoelace [*] .
and pour his milk .
so he looked .
and he went downstairs .
he looked at the clock without <> look pouring his milk [*] .
and he forgot that he didn't know how to tie his shoes .
and his shoe broke when he tried to .
and the a lot of [*] +...
he was late for school .
so [*] he asked his mother to drive him to school .
and that's the end .
the story's called the alien alien octopuses .
um I don't really know what their those guys names should be .
but there was two boys and girls who were going to the playground .
and then the boy found an alien ship in the playground .
and the aliens were coming out of it .
and they had an alien dog .
and there was satellites all over the ship .
and they didn't know that they were just octopuses because there was ocean on the alien ship .
&*INV:go_ahead so the girl said those are just octopuses .
let's go .
and the boy said no .
those are aliens .
and they drove from outer space .
don't you know said the boy .
no let's go .
[*] and the girl grabbed him by the hand .
and and they went so the aliens <> didn't see them .
and they hided behind a tree .
and they took off the real <> costumes .
and they were just jellyfishes .
and that's it .
the kids and the mother was at home .
and their mother <> was going out tonight for dinner .
so the kids asked what +...
Mcdonalds they both shouted out .
then jumped in the car .
and they went to <> the nearest Mcdonalds .
Raymond wanted a burger .
what's the other one's name again ?
the other one wanted a chocolate icecream french fries [% cough] : : .
0 .
twenty one happy meal .
when he wakes up .
and then +...
she gives hisself breakfast [*] .
but he makes a mistake .
and he's looking at his clock .
he hasta go really fast .
and then he's trying to tie his shoes .
and it broke .
and then the school bus went before he even got home .
then he gotta school .
and the teacher or or the principal is probably saying you're really late .
well there are the alien ships that came to earth .
and instead of a dog they have a weird creature .
they have more leg than we do .
and they're moving to live here .
and the girl that's running .
but he wants her to stop .
and and they're in a park .
a I got a different one .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and [*] the girl ordered icecream .
and the boy ordered a milkshake .
and the mom ordered a [*] milkshake .
and man on the counter [*] said it's twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and she looked at her purse and she didn't see it .
she left it in the kitchen counter [*] .
a boy was in a bed .
and he got got cereal .
and he wasted the milk .
when he tied his shoes he pulled it in his pants .
after that he he got his backpack .
and the school bus left .
and he walked to school .
and [*] he saw a person in front of the door .
and she opened it .
why why the man stopped the lady ?
he because he was scared and and then see xxx people [*] .
I I don't know what these is .
saw see people coming out a spaceship .
and and the lady was happy to see him .
[*] and the lady just just waves her right arm .
and the kid had a pet .
and them saw a picnic table and and shade [*] .
and and the rest says goodbye [*] .
that's the end .
<> there were two children coming home .
and then [*] their mother said we're going out to eat .
and then they jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and then the boy wanted a kidsmeal with some french fries and some coke [*] .
and then the the girl ordered a a burger and a french fries [*] and some [% coughs] rootbeer .
and then the mother ordered some salad .
then they asked what it cost .
and then he said twenty five cents .
but they left their money on the counter in the kitchen [*] .
the boy didn't know how to turn off the clock .
and he didn't know how to pour the milk .
and he didn't know how to tie his shoe .
and he didn't know how to get on time on the bus [*] .
[*] and then he was late for school .
there was a ship landing on earth .
and these two boys and girls they wanted to go see the aliens that came back to earth .
and so they went down [*] .
and they moved there .
and the girl said oh let's go meet them .
and then the boy said no stop .
um um .
okay once upon a time there was a little boy and a little girl named Raymond and Lisa .
and they came home from school .
and their mother told them we're going out to eat today .
so they shouted <> Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
so then they hoped in they car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and and Lisa did not know what she wanted .
[*] she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
so Raymond and mother knew what they wanted .
mother wanted salad .
and Raymond wanted a a hamburger and a coke and a large milkshake .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
Lisa ordered a a hamburger and a coke [*] and a large vanilla icecream cone .
[*] and the person at the counter said that will be twenty five cents maam .
and then mother looked in the purse .
and the money was not there .
so they went home and got the money and came back .
okay once upon a time there was a little boy who got up out of bed .
and his his seven thirty [*] .
and then he went to go get some breakfast .
but there was too much milk coming out .
and it spilled all over the place .
so then he tried to tie his shoes .
and then his shoestring broke .
and then he went outside to catch his bus .
but his bus already left off <> without him [*] .
and then he hadta walk to school .
but then it was too late .
he was sposta be in school on time .
once upon a time there was a little boy and a little girl named Judy and Ron .
and and then from another planet there was an identifying [: unidentified] [* s:r] flying object [*] .
and then it landed on earth .
and Ron said no don't go that way .
the aliens could hurt you .
and Judy would not listen .
Judy kept running .
Judy said no no I wanna greet them to earth .
let them stay .
<> so Ron holded [: held] [* m:=ed] on to Judy's hand .
and the aliens finally walked out and crawled all over the earth and explored .
the end .
I forget all the first .
they jumped up and down when their mother said that we are eating out .
and they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
three um (10.) they went to Mcdonalds .
seven the mother forgot her money .
six and the mother ordered a salad .
the boy ordered cheeseburger and happy meal [*] and a large milkshake .
three oh yeah .
the girl's name was Lisa .
and she ordered a happy meal with nuggets and <> a large coke .
four that was twelve dollars .
um (5.) I'm thinking of one .
fifteen my teacher said xxx I mean she said Chad .
and then I came .
and +...
he got out of bed .
he poured his milk into his bowl .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace broke .
he missed the bus .
and he hadta walk to (2.) school .
<> these little people came in a ship with a weird dog .
and they both looked like real people .
they have many more legs .
but they have the same two arms same clothes same suitcases .
and the girl sees them and want go .
the boy says let's not .
and he's afraid .
that the little girl is xxx her dog and her mom .
dad is holding all the suitcase .
and the guy is taking all (6.) +...
um (3.) maybe the girl wants to go over to that bench to sit down .
six well she wants to go over there see what's over there .
seven the dad's wife standing .
ship has no wheels .
three it looks like an alien ship .
they're coming out of the spaceship .
Lisa and Brandon asked their mom if their could go somewhere to eat tonight [*] .
and their mom said where would you guys like to go ?
we wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa and Brandon went to Mcdonalds and ordered +...
Brandon ordered a cheeseburger fries and icecream shake [*] .
and and Lisa ordered a coke french fries and a chocolate shake .
then their asked their mom what [*] +...
after their told the man or the girl that their were ordering that food their mom forgot the money at home on the kitchen counter [*] .
once upon a time there was a boy who woke up .
and <> he poured his milk in his bowl for breakfast .
and he started spilling it .
<> and then he put on his shoes .
and one shoelace broke .
and he hadta fix it .
then after that he was going to get on his bus .
but the bus leaved .
then he hadta walk to school .
and his teacher started to ask him why were you late ?
once upon a time there was this boy and girl going to the park .
and then their saw something flying up in the sky [*] .
this boy thought it was a alien ship .
and then it landed .
and it was a alien ship .
and then the girl wanted to go closer .
but the boy pulled her hand <> and made her come back .
that's all of my story .
oh I don't know .
well what happened to the boy and the girl ?
they said they didn't know what they wanted to eat .
and and they said they wanted a cheeseburger .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and mom asked [*] what did they want .
and they said they didn't know .
so mom +...
and so the little girl and the little boy they wanted a cheeseburger .
and and the big girl wanted the +...
yes .
the little boy was getting out of bed .
he was too tired to get out of bed .
when he went in the kitchen <> poured some cereal and poured some milk .
he went in his room put on some clothes put on his shoes [*] .
and then he missed the bus .
he was trying to chase the bus .
but the bus was drive away .
and so he walked to school .
and he went up the stairs to go inside the school .
the boy pushed the girl away .
and and octopus was coming to live where they was living .
so they get off the thing .
and one of the things say goodbye .
but they had chairs to eat .
and she runned [: ran] [* m:=ed] away [*] .
she said +...
and the boy pushed her away .
[*] the boy octopus got off and said goodbye .
and so that's it .
the mom said we're going out to eat .
and what did you wanna go [*] ?
and they shout out Mcdonalds !
so they jump into the car .
and their mom <> drove them to the Mcdonalds .
and then they went to the restaurant .
and then jack said I want a happy meal with a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and Annie finally made up her mind .
I'll have a coke and a icecream cone .
and the mom check in the purse .
but the money wasn't there .
so what should we do ?
he woke up when his clock ringed like this ring .
and he woke up .
and he put his his two fingers on his head .
crazy huh ?
and so so he was making his cereal all by his self [*] .
and he poured too much milk in his cereal .
and his shoe +...
and he was looking at the clock .
and he said oh I'm gonna be late for school woah@c .
hey Mrsmckeon it it went all the way to the red .
and his shoelace broke .
so he was late for the school bus .
and so he hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] to walk to school [*] .
and and his teacher said you're ten minutes late .
and what was the rest ?
okay .
and he was ten minutes late .
and he gotta see the principal .
the end .
four aliens showed up on earth .
and they said hello earth .
and they brought their puppy .
and they said <> welcome earth .
we are aliens .
we came from the planet mars .
and we brought our son and our puppy .
and the girl said hello aliens .
and the boy said ahhh@c let get out of here [*] !
and they said it's okay .
we're not gonna hurt you .
so the boy keep on saying ahh@c .
and he keep on saying it ahhh@c ahhh@c !
no .
no that's all I can know .
when mom picked ray and Carmine up mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
Carmine and ray both shouted Mcdonalds .
and they drive to it .
by the time time they got there Lisa didn't know what to decide a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
by the +...
and mom and Raymond had already decided what they wanted .
when they gotta the counter Lisa had already made up her mind .
mom ordered a salad .
<> ray ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a sprite with a large vanilla shake .
Lisa wanted a cheeseburger with fries [% sigh] and a coke [% yawn] with a chocolate icecream cone .
the man said okay that will be twelve dollars and ninety nine cents .
and their mom was reaching in <> for her purse .
she had noticed she didn't have it .
and she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
once there was a boy .
his name was Jim .
he wasn't paying attention at breakfast .
he was pouring too much milk that his bowl was full of milk [*] .
and it spilled all over the table .
when Jim was tying his shoes he broke one of his shoelaces .
then he walked off to go to the school bus .
but it had already left .
then he hadta walk to school .
the teacher said he was tardy .
Jim got a tardy and gave it to his teacher .
once there was a boy and a girl .
the girl's name was Amelia .
the boy's name was Brock .
one saturday afternoon a weird spaceship landed .
a slot opened .
and it was a walkway .
three aliens with eight feet and one alien dog with four feet with a strange looking tail appeared in the backyard where Amelia and Brock were camping .
the aliens greeted Amelia .
and Brock didn't look too scared .
but he was still a little bit scared .
Amelia said to the aliens that Brock was behind the bushes .
Brock didn't want the aliens to see him .
so he hid behind a large oak tree in the bushes .
the aliens still saw him with their Magnopower .
even the dog saw him .
then they said goodbye on one Friday morning .
and then they accidentally left their cousin and the child and the dog .
so the cousin the child and the dog hadta stay on earth .
[*] then the fifth saturday morning when Amelia was twelve and Brock was fourteen the aliens came back to get the child the cousin and the dog .
then they all left .
but still they left the child and the dog .
then when Amelia was fourteen and Brock was twenty the aliens came back .
they got the child .
but they forgot the dog still .
then when Brock was twenty two and Amelia was sixteen they came back and got the dog .
then they went to their home planet back to Jupiter [*] .
and they put the dog in his xxx .
and they left the dog on mars because that is where he was from .
the mother <> was hungry .
she wanted to go out to eat .
the kids jumped up Mcdonalds and yelled it out [*] .
and so they drove there .
and they ate there .
and they told them what they wanted .
and the mom wanted a salad .
but she didn't have enough .
she she forgot her purse .
he's on the kitchen table [*] .
he gets out of bed .
then then he pours milk .
and it overfloweds [: overflowed] [*] .
then he hasta tie his shoes .
then he hasta go to school .
then he is late for school [% child turns page of book] .
(9.) oh it goes like this way [*] .
aliens are +...
two kids are playing at the park .
and they see a space saucer whatever it is called .
and the aliens got out of it and had a dog too .
and the brother wanted her to go away in_case they are poison or something .
but the sister didn't wanna .
she wanted to play with them .
and then all the aliens come out .
there's five aliens a dog alien a sister alien a mom alien a dad alien a brother alien .
and they didn't wanna go away .
but the brother says get back from that .
and and they went back in their space saucer .
and they went all the way back up there .
then they finally went home .
hm:: .
fries and a milkshake .
and nuggets .
and the nuggets .
uhuh .
they're hungry .
uhuh .
ten I don't know how to do a story .
I don't know how to do a story .
he's late .
mhm .
he's spilling stuff .
and making a mess .
and he tried to tie his shoe .
the bus left .
yeah .
and then he walked .
then he walked .
uhhuh .
uhuh .
xxx aliens .
there was four aliens .
and two kids .
twelve I don't know .
that's all I know .
uhuh .
uhuh .
they didn't get their food .
[^ (4.)] and +...
in the morning Michael got up .
and he poured his milk .
but it spilled all over .
he got dressed .
and his shoelace broke .
and he was really mad .
he was having a bad morning .
he hadta get his jacket on .
and he hadta fix his shoelace .
he got some tape .
and he tied the shoelace on the broken one .
and he got his backpack .
and he ran for the bus .
but it was gone .
and he was late for school .
the end .
once upon a time there was a family full of aliens .
they had the father ghost the mother ghost the little girl ghost .
and they had a dog .
the big sister said bye mom and dad .
and I will come to pick you up soon .
and so they spent their whole time as fun as they could [*] .
they didn't have much fun .
but they tried to be as careful as can be .
then their daughter came and picked them up .
and then she went to play .
and then they said I'll come and pick you up soon byebye .
the end .
they were going out to eat .
Raymond and Lisa yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and the mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and they got up to the counter .
and Lisa figured out what she wanted a happy meal and coke and a chocolate icecream cone [*] .
cook said that will be ten dollars and fifty cents .
the clock rang .
he's making himself a bowl of cereal .
getting ready for school .
his shoelace broke .
and the bus went past his house .
and the boy walked to school .
the spaceship landed on the grass .
the spaceship landed on the grass .
and and aliens came out .
and and people were right behind the bush .
and and the dad was scared .
and and the mom was happy .
and they they walk out the bush and said hello [*] .
and the aliens all sat down on the bench .
and after they were done taking a rest and siting on the bench xxx they went walking in the woods .
and they went back on the spaceship and left .
they ate .
there were two children .
their name is Lisa and (5.) can't remember the little boy's name .
her mom said we are going out to eat today night .
and her mom asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonald .
and they jump into the car .
the mom drove drove the children to the closest Mcdonald place .
and then Lisa didn't know what to order a happy meal or I can't remember the other thing .
and her mom ordered cheese cheese I can't remember .
and the little boy ordered cheese hamburger and vanilla milkshake and chocolate .
and at last Lisa decided she was going to get a happy meal .
and the person there says it costs twelve dollar and ninety nine cents .
and her mom reached in her purse wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left her purse at the kitchen counter .
and the last part what they said what would you do .
in the morning when he got up and looked at the clock .
and it was too late .
and it was nine o'clock already .
and he got up and <> pour his his milk .
and the milk got out of the bowl .
and when he was looking at the clock he accidentally spilled the milk on the desk .
after <> his breakfast he got his clothes and tried to tie his shoe .
and one of his shoelace got broke .
and when he got out he missed his school bus .
and he hasta walk .
and he was late for school .
one day one of the spaceship came down .
and some of <> spotted octopus came out .
and one of the little girl just grabbed his dad to see them .
and the dad went like this .
no I am not going there .
you go if you want .
and she just pulled her .
and the dad was scared .
but the girl was not .
and the little octopus was carrying a little dog .
and it was at a little park or somewhere .
oh yeah .
there are some green grass and trees and <> tall grass .
and there is some little air coming out of the spaceship .
and there is an octopus waving bye bye to the other octopus .
and there are some trees and clouds .
and the dog has a lot of fur right here on her neck and stuff .
it doesn't .
they wanted to eat out .
they wanted to eat out .
one day as the boy went by he he was late for school .
he was not watching for his breakfast .
he broke his shoelace .
he tried to catch up with the school bus .
but it ran .
and then the teacher said it's late right now .
<> there was a girl who wanted to see her new friends .
and her brother said whoa@c whoa@c those are aliens .
and she still wanted to play with them .
the family came out .
um actually I think now I remember the girl's name .
wasn't it was it oh I forgot the name I was gonna say .
Dianna ?
it was Sarah .
I'm not really sure .
okay um +...
[^ whispers] xxx what was I gonna say again ?
oh yeah .
Raymond and Sarah's moms asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and she said where do you wanna go ?
and they both said we wanna go to Old_Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then Sarah couldn't choose what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom already knew what they wanted .
then Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla <> shake .
<> and <> his mom wanted a salad .
and then Sarah made up her mind .
and and she wanted a happy meal with an chocolate icecream cone and soda .
but then the clerk said that would be <> four dollars <> and forty nine cents .
and then Raymond and Sarah's mom didn't have any money .
she left it on the dining room table at home .
Benny woke up when he was pretty much late for almost for school when his alarm clock was ringing really really loud .
then Benny went into the kitchen and [% yawns] got cereal for breakfast and tried to pour the milk when he spilled his milk on the table and all over the place .
Benny tried to really really tie his shoes .
but then his lace broke off .
and then he tried to catch the bus .
but it left without him .
<> Benny was having a bad day .
then he just hadta walk to school .
and then the teacher looked at him and said Benny what's wrong .
and then Benny said to the teacher I I am having a bad day .
I can't wake up at the right time .
I can't even get myself breakfast .
I broke my shoelace .
and now I hadta walk to school instead of taking the bus .
David and Sally were walking to the park .
then David saw this big alien ship come down and was trying to stop Sally from going there to see them .
then the aliens were glad they were there because they were going camping .
and they brought their dog which was an alien too .
and then Sally tried to go past the aliens when David thought it was too dangerous and didn't wanna go .
so then the aliens were starting to see them .
and then David tried to <> run .
but Sally just took David's hand and tried to pull him across with her .
but then the aliens saw them and tried to like bring them back on their ship and go back to space and kinda do an experiment on them .
that's pretty much it I could think of .
on tuesday night mom said we're going out to eat .
and Lisa said (20.) where are we going ?
and Raymond said we're going to Mcdonalds .
um ah .
(30.) they were at home .
they ordered what they wanted .
and Lisa she she asked for a burger fries and coke .
and what it it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but mom left her purse at home on the kitchen .
there was a boy .
and the clock rang .
and he got out of bed .
he went downstairs to fix him a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled the milk .
he got dressed .
he tied his shoe .
but the shoelace broke .
he was late for the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
the end .
once upon a time there were a boy and a girl .
they saw a alien ship .
and they saw a father alien a mother alien a dog alien and a daughter alien .
and a boy told her not to go because it was dangerous and and that it was a dangerous place to go .
and then she went over there to have +...
the aliens went back on the ship .
and they went up outer space .
I forgot it .
Lisa and what was his name again ?
Lisa and her brother &*INV:okay got home from school .
and their mother said we're going out to dinner .
where would you like to go ?
they both thought for a moment .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they jumped into the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa's brother and mom already had decided what they'd get .
and Lisa didn't decide .
and she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and what was her brother's name ?
and Raymond got a cheeseburger and french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother got a salad .
and Lisa decided she'd get a happy meal and a coke and a <> chocolate icecream cone .
and when their mother went to pay the purse was not there because she left it on the kitchen table .
one day a boy woke up named Sam .
he got very clumsy because he woke up too late .
and he spilled his milk in his cereal .
he put too much in .
he was trying to tie his shoelace .
and the shoelace broke .
and he missed the bus .
and then when he gotta school his teacher said that he was too late and that he hasta owe her recess time .
once there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named Sam .
and they were at the park looking for treasures .
and then all of a sudden they heard a crash [% telephone rings in background] .
and they [% phone ringing in the background] had done the thing as far as they could .
and they tried to find those .
but it wouldn't work .
and they tried to find it a treasure .
but they couldn't .
and then they heard a crash again .
and they went to look around the bushes .
and they saw the strange people and animals .
they said what are you doing here ?
and the dog said meeoowww@c .
that's it .
one tuesday morning Lisa and Raymond +...
no .
on tuesday morning their mother asked them we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Carmen asked <> to have a happy meal and xxx a happy meal .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
finally she made up her mind .
she'll have a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and coke .
their mother ordered a salad .
when she was reaching for her purse it wasn't there .
she left it on the kitchen counter .
the questions were where did they go out to eat ?
and was it what did they have ?
and what was the problem ?
and I think that's all .
Michael woke up this morning and looked at his alarm clock in a rush .
and then he went into the kitchen .
and he poured milk looking at the clock .
and so he spilled it .
and after that he cleaned it up .
and then he went to go get dressed .
when he went to go get dressed he was tying his shoes very fastly and hard pulling on them .
and then his shoelaces broke .
and then he said said I am not gonna worry about this .
oh well .
and then he just left it like that .
and then he went outside .
and he got his backpack .
and then he went outside .
and when he just got outside school bus just drived [: drove] [* m:=ed] away .
and he started to stopped it .
but it wouldn't stop .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school there was a person .
and it was his teacher .
and she said you're late .
how come you are late ?
Michael told her what had happened .
then she said okay .
but next time try not to miss the bus .
and <> make sure you set your alarm clock the right time .
Tommy and Lisa were playing hide-and-go-seek .
and they found each other .
and then they were behind the bushes .
and they saw something coming down .
and so they went behind the bushes .
and they looked at it .
and Lisa said let's go <> see what they are .
they might be new new people to live here .
and Tom said no they might be something that are coming to Attack_ed us .
and so he said stop don't .
but Lisa wanted to go .
so that she stayed there .
she said they could be something like octopuses from outer space .
and Tom said they might be aliens .
and so they told their parents .
and they said I don't think that's true .
and then they said we'll prove it .
and the aliens just got out .
and so she said there .
she said well let's go see if they're nice or not .
anyways I've got a gun because their father's a hunter .
and they were best friends .
and the aliens said that's love .
on tuesday morning Lisa and Raymond's mom asked where they wanna go out to eat .
they <> all yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
but the mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom wanted salad .
and then Lisa finally decided that she wanted a cheeseburger with a chocolate cone .
and then the the person who works at Mcdonalds said that would be twelve dollars .
and she looked up on the counter .
but it wasn't there because she left it on the counter at their house .
one day this boy couldn't do anything right .
when he woke up he got a headache from the clock because it rang too loud .
and then he spilled his milk when he was trying to pour it into his cup .
and then he broke his shoelace .
and then the bus left him .
and then he hadta walk to school .
once there was an alien family who was going to earth to spend a week there .
and then a girl and a boy came .
and <> the boy said I'm not going .
but the girl really convinced him to .
<> and they had a dog .
and then there was a little girl a mom and a dad .
and then they made friends .
that's the end .
there was a girl and a boy named Lisa and um I forget his name again um +...
and their their mother asked them where would you like to go for dinner ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the mother went to the nearest Mcdonalds place .
and Lisa said she couldn't pick what she wanted because there was so much stuff to choose out of .
and then the boy's name ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally ordered a chocolate icecream cone and some other stuff .
I forgot it .
and then the mother um +...
and then the clerk person said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mother went to go go into her pocket to get the wallet .
but it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she left it on her counter <> in the kitchen .
and so that's the end .
well one day a boy woke up .
and she tried to get a cereal .
but then this milk spilled .
then he got his clothes on put on one of his shoes and then the other .
and then when he was putting on his other shoe the lace broke .
then he <> packed his backpack ran for the bus .
and then he missed it walked to school .
and then someone was standing outside telling him that he was too late .
once upon time there's a boy named Adam and a girl named Lila .
they were walking home <> from the park .
and there in the park they saw spaceship with writing on it .
and four aliens coming out with suitcases no with octopuses coming out .
one with a dress one with a skirt one with pants with eight legs .
and a dog that had two noses and a red collar &=laughs .
then Adam was saying stop stop Lila .
and then he was saying let's go back home .
these people are scaring me .
and Lila said wait a second .
I wanna say hi .
but Daniel kept on saying no no .
and then Daniel pulled her back .
and finally they went and told their mom and dad .
their mom and dad didn't believe them .
so they all showed them .
but then when they got back there was only the dog .
all of the octopuses were hiding in the trees .
they couldn't find them .
then they saw this little yellow ship in the air .
and then somehow it came back down .
these other octopuses came out .
they looked just the same with the dog with the girl with the skirt a mother with a dress and a father with pants with eight legs .
the end .
it was thursday and the I don't know .
they (7.) gotta go to Mcdonalds .
(6.) and (4.) and (12.) I +...
once there was a little boy <> in bed .
and he gets up with alarm clock rung .
he woke up and ate breakfast .
and he spilled the milk .
and he went inside to go get his shoes on .
and tied his shoes .
and his shoe strings broke .
and he couldn't fix it .
he <> ran for the bus .
but the bus took off without him .
and he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school (7.) hm: (9.) he gotta school .
and he was late because he didn't walk fast enough .
so the teacher was mad .
once there was some xxx .
and some [% yawn] seven +...
and they heard a noise .
so they went to the other side of the park .
and they saw an alien ship .
and the aliens came out with a dog and <> yelled ham and polka dot .
and and one of the parents of the people wanted to go pet the doggy .
so he tried to go over there .
and pulled her husband and went into xxx didn't wanna go over there .
so she just went over there by herself .
the mom forgot her purse .
and the children decided where they wanted to go .
that's all .
um (12.) I can't remember .
his alarm woke him up .
he got up and ate cereal .
(8.) he was getting his shoes on .
and then he missed the bus .
then he hadta walk to school .
a spaceship landed full of aliens .
and the aliens got off with their pet and two little kids .
a girl wanted to to see them .
but the boy didn't want her to .
so she pulled her back .
and the girl was trying to pull him towards the aliens .
and that's all .
their mom asked if they wanted to go somewhere to eat .
they picked Mcdonalds .
and then she was trying to figure out what she wanted .
and then she picked a soda with a chocolate shake and and a happy meal .
and and then she forgot her money .
and then then you asked what the girl name is .
and then you asked what the boy name is .
and then you said what would you do if if you forgot your money .
and then and then you asked what I would do if if I forgot the money .
one day there was a boy named mike .
he woke up .
and he was late for school .
he poured +...
he went to go get breakfast .
he poured milk all over the table .
and then he ripped his shoelace .
and then he got late for the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
his teacher said he was late .
and he missed his class with her .
okay one day there was this boy and a girl .
the girl was named Kelly .
and one was named Michael .
one day this big spaceship <> landed .
there was one one that was a small strange strange dog .
four <> octopuses which looked strange to them .
she wanted to go play with them except Michael he didn't wanna .
he was too afraid .
and acted as if they were really nice .
is so they started to play with each other .
and they were nice to +...
they they played with the dog .
and they were all <> nice .
and they had a picnic .
and then the other ones went back home .
Lisa and Raymond were in the kitchen when their mom said we're going out for dinner .
where would you like to go ?
<> Lisa and Raymond both jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
and they hoped into the car .
then they drove away to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and mom both knew what they wanted .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
Raymond asked for a a hamburger some fries and a <> vanilla milkshake .
mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa said she would want a happy meal with a diet coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and when mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she had left it on the kitchen counter .
one day jack woke up .
and he looked at his alarm clock and said oh no I'm late for school .
he went downstairs as fast as he could .
and he poured his cereal .
but he was too busy looking at the clock .
and he spilled milk all over the place .
and he barely got any breakfast .
when he went to tie his shoes his lace broke off .
and he got so aggravated that he felt like he didn't wanna go to school .
but his mother said he hadta .
so he ran to the schoolbus .
but he just missed it .
and he ran ran and ranned [: ran] [* m:+ed] all the way to school .
when he got there the principal was waiting and said you're late jack .
and jack explained the whole thing .
and when the principal understood that his grandmother was there last night .
and he didn't get enough sleep .
she said that's okay jack .
we'll just fill you in on what's happening .
and then you'll be all set for school .
Megan and Daniel I said Daniel because I was thinking of your story .
Megan +...
I can't I just can't think of a name for this story .
Megan and Thomas were were in the park about to go home when they saw a very strange figure hovering above in the sky .
let's see what it is said Megan .
Thomas said no we could get killed with that thing .
then we'll stay behind the bushes said Megan .
oh alright I'll follow your little plan .
but don't bring me anywhere .
so they stayed behind the bushes and waited and waited and waited until the very strange figure that looked to be a giant bowl with no top landed on the ground .
then this little doorway <> poped out .
and they saw these very strange creature that seemed to be octopuses and an octopus dog .
they had spots all over .
and they looked to be aliens .
which I think they were .
they yelled and screamed and said +...
and after when they finally cooled off .
they said I'm going to go tell my mom and you're coming with me .
and Daniel said I told you not to bring me anywhere .
and Megan's like oh don't be a scaredy-cat .
but they'll never believe us never .
well yes they will .
all we hafta do is take one of them with us and take some fur from the dog .
are you crazy said Thomas .
no .
I think you are because you just don't think that we can do it .
we'll just pick the smallest and most unfierce one the little girl holding the dog .
so when they got there they tried to hide .
but the the aliens saw them .
get them said the mother .
this will never do as a place because there's so much humans around .
they tried to take some fur from the dog .
but the dog ran away .
they ran home to tell their mom .
but their mom wouldn't believe them .
their mom said well aliens don't exist .
so I have no idea why you think you saw some .
but we did said Megan .
we really really did .
come we'll show you their ship right <> in the park next to the picnic table .
so they went .
and they looked .
and they looked .
and they looked .
but Megan said I know why they're not here .
remember when the mom said we can't stay here because there's too much humans .
and so the mom never believed .
and Thomas and Megan never went to the park again bewaring of aliens .
when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mom said we're going out to eat where do you wanna go ?
the kids both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car and drove off .
and when they got to Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to order .
and the mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
when they got up to the counter Raymond said I would like a cheeseburger with fries and a milkshake .
and their mom ordered salad .
and Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with coke and a milkshake .
that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
and when the mom <> went to reach into her purse her purse wasn't there .
one morning <> a boy woke up .
and he went to the kitchen .
but he was too tired to pour his cereal .
and when he was about to leave the school his shoelace broke .
and <> when the schoolbus left he was chasing it .
and when he gotta school he got in trouble .
once upon a time way up in space there was a spaceship that went down to earth .
and four aliens came out of the spaceship .
and a girl named Casey and a boy named Tommy saw the aliens .
Casey thought it was cool .
and Tommy didn't .
and Casey was pulling Tommy's arm to bring him over to the aliens .
the aliens looked weird .
they had a lot of legs .
and they had a lot of things .
so <> Casey said let's go see who they are .
and Tommy didn't wanna go .
and the aliens were happy .
but they came down here to take a person and bring it back up to space .
uhuh .
teddy and Lisa got home from school .
and their mom said where where do you wanna go out to eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went into the car .
and her mother drove to Mcdonalds .
and (10.) they ordered .
and Lisa didn't know what to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
teddy and his mom knew what they wanted .
Lisa decided what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with french fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
when mom reached over her purse wasn't there .
it was on the counter .
Tony woke up fairly late .
he got up out of bed .
and he went downstairs .
and got a bowl spoon milk and cereal .
and he accidentally wasn't watching where he was going .
and he looked up at the clock .
and he spilled his milk .
and then he went to go by the door to get his shoes on .
and he got dressed and everything .
and he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace broke off .
he got out the door .
and he missed the school bus to go school .
and he went to grandma's house .
and said grandma I missed the bus .
can you take me to school ?
that is all .
teddy and Anna were walking to the park .
and they saw something .
it was a spaceship .
they saw aliens walking out of it a grandma a mother a little kid and a dog .
Tommy yelled .
Anna smiled .
let's go back home said Ted .
but Anna wanted to stay .
Anna grabbed Ted's arm and pulled him by the bushes .
(5.) Anna wanted to get a closer look at them .
Anna thought they were cool .
Ted thought they weren't .
then they went off walking .
they went to the park .
Anna and Ted followed them to the park .
and the (6.) dog of the aliens got lost .
the aliens were looking for the dog at the park .
but the dog was gone .
they couldn't find him anywhere .
but then Anna saw him and brang the dog back to the owners .
and then they went back home .
that is all .
how does it start out again ?
[>] at home .
and their mother said where do you wanna eat tonight .
and they said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and <> Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered a ah hm: I forgot .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and a shake .
<> and then they said that would be <> twelve dollars and four cents .
and when she reached for her purse it wasn't there .
once upon a time there was a boy .
he woke up one morning .
and he was having a bad day .
when he tried to pour himself some cereal he was looking at the clock so he spilled the milk .
then when he tied his shoes the laces snapped out .
and he missed the bus .
so he hadta run after it really really fast .
and once he gotta school he was really late .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
and they went to the park .
and they saw little flying saucer or spaceship there .
and the boy was scared so he started yelling .
then she said wait come back .
and they saw aliens walking out a dad a mom and a little kid with a dog .
and they saw even another person still in the spaceship .
so she said look at those guys .
they're aliens .
and then he said yeah I see them .
now can we go now ?
and she said no let's go talk to them .
but he said no I I'd rather stay here .
so they went back to the house .
and they told their mom and dad .
and they didn't believe them that much though .
they took them there .
and they saw those aliens .
so then they both started to believe them .
I don't know .
Mcdonalds restaurant .
the mom asked what do they wanna order .
he went to bed .
he wanted cereal .
but he poured it on on the table .
he was tying his shoelaces .
it got caught and broke .
he missed the bus .
then he went +...
his mom might have drove him .
the mom and dad get off .
I don't know what that's called .
0 .
on tuesday the mom asked the kids if <> they wanted to go out together .
and they said yes .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they <> both yelled Mcdonalds .
I don't remember the rest .
one day Joe woke up .
and he was trying to pour milk into his cereal .
and he made a big mess .
and then he tried to tie his shoes .
and his shoelaces got broken .
and he missed the bus .
and he hadta run to school .
once these two kids were walking in a park .
and this thing that looked like a blimp landed there .
and aliens came out .
and and Joey was scared .
but the girl wanted to say hi to them and probably pet the dog .
the aliens had lots of spots on them .
they couldn't decide .
huh ?
mhm .
first he gets out of bed .
and he's is almost late .
then he makes a mess of the cereal .
then his <> shoe string breaks .
then the school bus leaves him .
then his teacher tell him that he's late .
a aliens had landed in the park .
and some aliens are coming out .
and there's a dog and a kid a mom and a dad .
and this little girl likes to see .
but the boy won't let her go .
mhm .
there's is a picnic table .
and there's somebody in the ship .
another alien in the ship .
and the boy's saying stop .
Lisa and +...
I don't remember the little boy's name .
but those two got home from school one day .
and <> their mother said that they were going out to eat that night .
and and she asked them where they wanted to go .
they both <> shouted Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and left to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Nugget_Meal or a happy meal .
so her mother and her brother already knew what they wanted .
her brother asked for +...
when he gotta the counter he asked for a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered some salad .
finally Lisa could decide what she wanted .
she asked for a happy meal with an icecream cone and a coke .
then the clerk said that it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
just as their mother was reaching into her purse to get out her wallet it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she had left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and what should they do ?
one +...
the name of my story A_Bad_Day .
one day a little boy named Sammy woke up to his <> alarm clock ringing really really loud .
he quickly went downstairs to go get breakfast .
and just as he was pouring the milk into his cereal <> the bell rang to go to school .
and he accidentally spilled the milk <> on the table .
after he got dressed for school his shoelaces wouldn't listen .
and they wouldn't tie at all .
he he was going to school walking down the street .
and his school bus was leaving .
he was running after it .
but he didn't catch it in time .
so he hadta walk to school .
once he gotta school his teacher said that he was real late .
he should try next time to be a lot earlier .
he said I had a bad morning .
I didn't get to +...
<> my alarm clock was ringing extra loud .
my milk from my cereal fell on me .
my shoelaces were not listening .
lost the bus .
his teacher said well still you did your best to get to school on time so you were okay .
so Sammy went to school that day .
and he had a good day .
The_Space_Aliens .
one day two children were walking along a path .
it was monday morning .
they went past this forest .
they decided to go in it for a little adventure and maybe just some snails that they haven't seen .
and then all of a sudden they went past this bush .
they heard some weird noises .
they peeked over it .
they saw these aliens .
they were mm +...
the two children were both kind of scared .
but <> Margaret was not very scared .
Andrew was terrified .
Margaret ran towards the aliens as Daniel was holding <> her hand saying no .
and then aliens jumped on a ship .
and they just went off as a family .
then the <> kids never saw the aliens again .
but they went home took the parents to the place where they saw the <> aliens to see if they were still there .
the parents said this is not very easy to believe .
but if you said it we believe you .
and the kids quickly just ran back home .
and they looked out their window .
and there was the ship .
and it flew off <> outer space .
the kids don't know if they really saw the spaceship or not .
but they do know that they did see something .
the end .
Raymond and and his sister their mother <> told them they were going to go out to eat .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and the little girl didn't know what she wanted to eat .
and the mother and Raymond knew what they wanted to eat .
and the little girl decided for a kidsmeal .
and the mother had a salad .
and the mother forgot her purse on the the kitchen counter at home .
there was this little boy that woke up .
and it looks like he was worried that he would probably be late for school .
or he would probably miss his bus .
and he spilled the milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and he gotta school .
his teacher was probably mad at him .
and when he broke his shoelace he looked pretty mad .
and when he missed the bus it looks like he started running .
and he looks exhausted when his <> teacher looks like she's mad at him .
and he looks sort of mad because he is late from waking up .
and he is probably sorry that he spilled the milk .
and he is mad because he broke his shoelace .
and he is probably running after the bus .
and his teacher looks mad at him because she has a little frown .
once upon a time there was two children that were walking in the bush .
they saw a spaceship land .
and the little girl got really excited .
and there were aliens walking out of it and an alien dog .
and the little girl wanted to go and talk to them .
but the little boy didn't think that that was a good idea .
and she grabbed his wrist .
and the little boy was going like this and trying to stay there .
but the little girl pulled him out .
and the aliens heard the little kids .
and they took them to space .
and they dropped them out of the spaceship .
and they got hurt .
the end .
on tuesday (9.) Lisa and Raymond (9.) went home .
and their mom said they could pick a place to go to dinner .
and then they picked Mcdonalds .
and so they both ran into the car .
and their mom <> drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and their mom both knew what they wanted to eat .
but Lisa didn't .
and so <> finally she figured out what she wanted to eat .
and her brother ordered a happy meal a vanilla shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and when Lisa gotta the counter she told the clerk that she wanted a chocolate icecream cone and a happy meal and coke .
and he he said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when their mom reached for her purse she couldn't find it .
and then she realized that she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one morning when a little boy woke up he looked at his alarm clock .
and it was broken .
and so he woke up a bit late .
but when he went in to to his breakfast he was pouring the milk .
and he was looking up at the clock .
and the milk spilled .
and when when he was tying his <> shoe he had pulled too hard .
and the lace broke .
and by the time he fixed it and went outside the school bus had left .
and so he hadta run to school .
and when he had gotta school his teacher said said he was very late .
and he was very tired .
and his teacher said that he hadta do his work outsides .
and he was very scared .
and xxx .
one sunday <> morning Amy and jack went out to play at the park .
and then after a few hours some part alien part octopus people came .
when Amy was running forward to go pet their dog jack pulled her arm and said to stop because it was too dangerous .
and they could make a turn and shoot aliens .
and so they hid behind a bush .
and then after a little while jack decided to go home and tell their parents about what happened .
and so when they told their parents they said it was pretty hard to believe .
so they went back to the park .
and when they went to the place where they thought the aliens were they saw they weren't there .
so they both thought that they were just images that only they could see because the next day they told their friends about it .
and &*INV:well_good they didn't see the aliens .
and so they spread the news .
and soon everybody stayed in their houses .
and and they never went outside again because they were very very afraid .
once there was <> two kids .
I can't remember the boy's name .
and the girl's name was Jenna .
and their mother asked where do you wanna go for dinner .
and they both screamed Mcdonalds .
and <> their mother drive them to Mcdonalds .
and then when they were ordering their mother forgot their purse .
I can't remember the middle part .
so that they could've drived back .
and got their mother's purse and then drived back .
and kind of forgot the rest .
can you put a little bit more details in it ?
okay .
one day there was a boy who <> his alarm clock woke him up .
and he got scared about it .
and he decided to go to the kitchen and pour some cereal for hisself .
but he realized that time was ten o'clock .
and he was sposta be at school earlier .
so he couldn't eat breakfast .
he hadta rush to his living room put on his shoes and tie xxx .
and when he ran to his busstop he missed the bus .
but but then he hadta walk all the way .
but he was really really really late .
and his teacher was not happy about it .
but then when he told the teacher the truth then that was okay .
and I'm done with my story .
one day there was a mother and a father .
and the mother had friends coming over .
they were aliens .
but their father did not even like them .
but their mother was <> forcing <> his father to go .
<> so the mother told aliens to come in their house .
and the father was all like no no .
and the father started to like them .
and then the aliens just started to move in with them .
and that's the end of my story .
when the kids got home from school they wanted to go out to eat .
and then they screamed out how about we go out to Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they asked for food .
but the mom realized that she forgot the <> money .
what's his name ?
can I name him Cindy ?
Cindy was late for school .
he had a bad day .
he spilled milk all over the place .
and he broke his shoelace .
and he couldn't catch the bus .
and he was late for school .
Henry and Maria found some aliens .
Maria wanted to go see them .
but Henry pulled her back .
<> Henry said no they might hurt you .
she did it anyways .
and the aliens caught her .
so she ran back away .
mhm .
and she ran back home .
and <> she wanted to come back the next day to see if they were still there .
and they were .
on tuesday when Raymond and Lisa got home their mother told them we're going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
Raymond and Lisa both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped into the car and drove .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a hamburger .
I might +...
but Raymond and his mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a strawberry shake a cheeseburger and fries .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she got a happy meal a chocolate cone and fries .
and then the man said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mother reached into her pocket to get her purse it wasn't there .
then she remembered she forgot it on the kitchen table .
one day there was a boy named mike .
he woke up .
and when he looked at the clock he was late .
and then when he was pouring his milk he spilled it all over the table .
he was having a very bad day .
he knew it right from the start .
and when he looked at the clock it was seven thirty .
he was sposta be at school at seven forty .
he had ten minutes to get there .
he was very very very upset because he knew he was probably gonna miss his bus .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace break .
he got totally mad .
so his shoe was untied the whole day .
when he ran up to the bus stop he yelled wait wait .
come back .
and so he walked to school .
when he got there his teacher looked at her clock and said you are very late .
please explain why .
he explained why .
and his teacher was very proud of him .
he had a test that day .
so so he was late for it .
but anyway she gave him an a-plus because he he woke up at six thirty .
one day there was a girl named summer and a boy named Cody .
they were thirteen years old .
and they went down for a walk to go to the park .
they went through the woods and past the lake down a stream and over some of the logs they usually go down .
but when they gotta the bush that they usually stop at to have their picnic they looked over .
and they saw a ship .
it had writing on it .
they thought it was chinese writing .
but it wasn't .
it was alien [% giggles] .
and summer remembered when she was learning about outer space that their class had told her about the aliens they had saw when they were five .
she didn't believe it .
but when she saw the writing she remembered it said we will come to earth for for vacation .
and she was very surprised that they would come for vacation .
when the door opened Cody grabbed summer and backed her up .
summer's like let go of me .
I wanna see them .
and then finally she gotta .
they were pink aliens with blue spots all over them .
there was an alien dad an alien mom and an alien little girl .
and there was even an alien dog .
the dog looked like a broken up <> robot with hair on it .
summer laughed so hard the aliens almost heard her .
when the door closed and it blasted off back into space summer and Cody watched it until they couldn't see it anymore .
they aliens like zee@c choo@c arahun@c deno@c [% alien language] .
0 .
<> summer she said to Cody <> Cody I think I remember what this means .
and Cody was like what !
he was shaking in fear .
oh I don't know .
maybe that means they hafta go to the bathroom .
and Cody's like you're kidding .
0 .
so the aliens weed [% giggles] .
the aliens didn't mean to do that .
they were finding a camp spot to to unload their stuff .
when they unloaded their <> stuff the little girl went out looking for something to eat .
when she found the stream her eyes lit up .
and fire came all over .
when she zapped all the fish came <> swimming toward her .
and then when she was fishing she caught almost all the fish in the stream .
and when she came back she saw summer and Cody .
and she freaked out and ran back to her mother and told her all about it .
her mother didn't believe it .
she said to her little girl in alien language [% giggles] there are no living life forms on this planet .
we have made serious information about it .
and we have planed .
and we have seen there is nothing on this earth .
well at least on this place for three centuries .
but I really saw them said the little alien girl .
and she screamed and cried .
and then her mother said okay let's go find them .
and then when summer and Cody heard this they ran back home .
and they never saw the aliens again .
what happened to the aliens was the little girl and the mother looked all around .
they didn't see anything .
what happened was instead of seeing the humans they saw a dog a real one .
and they freaked out .
they called the ship to come back .
and they ran inside .
and the ship flew off .
the end .
one day Lisa and the little boy went +...
then <> their mom asked where they wanted to go eat .
and they wanted to go eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went .
and when they got there they ordered .
but Lisa couldn't find out what she wanted to order .
and her brother he ordered a milkshakes or something like that .
and (5.) the clerk asked for twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom left the bag at home .
I try but I can't remember it .
Tom <> one day got out of his bed .
and he saw what time it was for school .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was late .
so he went to the kitchen and made <> some breakfast .
and he spilled the milk everywhere .
and after that he went to go get his clothes on .
and his shoelace broke off .
and he was having a hard time .
and by the time he got outside to the bus the bus already left .
so when he gotta school his teacher was mad [% child coughs] .
there .
one day Tom and Emmy went to a park with their mom and dad .
and Tom and Emmy saw something in the air .
and it landed on the ground .
and it looked like a spaceship with some weird writing on it [% child coughs] .
and some aliens came out with a weird looking dog .
and there was two <> boys and two girls and a boy dog [% child coughs] .
and when they saw them they got scared .
but the little girl Emmy went to go see for herself .
but she tried to bring Tom with her .
but Tom wouldn't come .
and her mom and dad didn't see it all .
and they went back to go tell their mom and dad .
and they didn't believe it either .
so what happened is they went back to show them .
and all the aliens were gone .
and the ship was gone too .
mhm .
Lisa and Raymond asked mother where do you wanna eat tonight ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and their mother said it was okay .
then they went out to eat at Mcdonalds .
and <> Lisa got a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
and <> Raymond got a vanilla shake and a cheeseburger and fries .
it costed twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
their mother looked for her purse .
and she saw that it wasn't there .
then they went back home and got the purse and came back .
Garrett got out of bed one morning and poured hisself some milk .
he tried to pour hisself some milk .
and it accidently poured out of the bowl .
&*INV:its_okay when Garrett tried to tie his shoe his shoelace broke off .
when his shoelace broke off he felt very mad .
Raymond was late to catch the school bus because he didn't wake up on time .
and when he gotta school it was almost eight fifteen .
and the teacher was waiting outside the door for him .
then he showed up at eight sixteen because he hadta walk to school .
one day two kids were walking in the forest .
they saw some spaceship land on the grass .
then something came out .
it looked like an alien with eight legs .
it had a dog with four and a very fluffy tail with long hair on its back .
it had a bigger collar than its neck .
and it had like a mane on a horse .
there were two boy alien and two girl aliens .
they looked like they were coming down to earth from a spaceship .
when the spaceship landed they all came out with luggage .
xxx xxx it looked like they were moving into the forest .
they were wearing normal clothing except for the dad .
the dad was wearing pants with eight legs .
the mom was wearing a dress .
the girl was wearing a shirt and a skirt .
the other boy was wearing a shirt and pants like his dad .
that's it .
they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
and the mom got her purse .
and that all .
okay .
he woke up .
and then he he ate some cereal .
and then he tied his shoe .
and he broke it .
and he missed the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
once upon a time a little octopuses walking down to sit on their bench .
and these two were afraid because they saw it .
and and her didn't be afraid because her liked the octopuses .
and he doesn't because she doesn't want her to get all poisonous on him because under a octopuses them have little tactac@o things in there .
and them could put you poisonous on you .
that's the end .
tuesday Raymond and his sister were walking home from school .
and their mother asked them where would they like to eat .
and they both screamed out Mcdonalds .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Raymond asked for a a hamburger a coke and vanilla <> milkshake .
and his sister asked for a a happy meal with coke with a chocolate icecream cone .
and then that cost twenty cents and five dollars .
and their mother realized that she left her money on the kitchen counter .
and that +...
and you asked me a question that said at the end .
I forgot .
but you did ask me a question .
one night this boy named David he got so frustrated because he woke up very late .
and he spilled his milk at breakfast .
and his shoelace broke .
and he was late for the bus .
and he got late for school .
and the principal said that he hadta get a tardy .
a tardy .
one day in California <> there was a boy and a girl that they were brothers and sister .
and and the boy was named David and the girl was named Sally .
Sally and David went one day to the park .
and they saw aliens from outer space .
Sally wanted to go touch the aliens .
but David stopped her .
she said they may be contagious .
<> or they may be scared of you .
and then they went home to tell their parents what all happened .
they went back to go +...
their parents said said it was pretty weird idea .
they said they could prove it .
they went back saw only slithers of alien goo .
and their parents said it was just a snail .
then they went back home watched tv and saw their ship .
the aliens went inside .
the parents gasped and fainted .
the aliens said hi .
we saw you spying on us .
please stop .
don't tell anyone this okay .
and then they had a little party with the aliens .
and the aliens went back home .
after Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat today .
where would you like to go ?
Mcdonalds Mcdonalds they both shouted .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa wanted chicken nuggets or +...
a whatever .
and Raymond wanted +...
Raymond and his mom knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a a burger extra fries a large vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the person at the cash register said that it would be twelve dollars and twenty five cents .
but their their mom didn't have her purse with them .
and that's all I know .
once there was a boy named Mikey .
and um +...
he +...
once there was a boy named Mikey .
and he slept in early when he wasn't sposta .
and he was still so tired while he was pouring his milk in his cereal <> bowl .
the milk splattered everywhere .
and and he had a fit with his shoe .
and his shoelace tore off .
and then when he went outside he was one minute late for the school bus .
and and then his teacher said you are tardy .
and that's all I know .
once two kids were playing in the park .
and and suddenly there was a flying saucer .
and it landed right in the middle of the park .
and it was a whole family of aliens and their dog .
and they were so scared that they climbed up a tree as fast as they could .
and then they said don't be afraid .
we're not gonna hurt you .
and then they all just played together .
that's all I know .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said we're going to eat out tonight .
<> then she said where would you like to go .
they said Mcdonalds .
so they hoped into the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond and the mother knew knew what they were gonna get .
but Lisa didn't .
she wanted either a happy meal or +...
I forget .
and <> when she decided she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the checkout lady said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother reached down to get her purse it wasn't there .
then she realized she had left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Sam .
(4.) and it was no +...
on monday morning Sam woke up and went downstairs to eat breakfast .
when he was pouring the milk into his bowl he spilled the milk and chipped the bowl .
then Sam got dressed and started to put his shoes on .
but while he was tying the laces on his shoes one of the laces came off .
Sam got angry .
then he ran to the school bus .
but he missed it .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and he was late .
once upon a time there was a little alien named Franchesca .
she wanted to explore the real world .
but her parents wouldn't let her go .
but one day they decided they wanted to explore the real world too .
so they got into their airplane and and started flying .
but when they landed they had landed in a park .
two park rangers started screaming .
but one of them liked the idea .
she wanted to go and see what they were doing .
but the other park ranger wouldn't let her .
when Franchesca saw the two park rangers she told her parents .
they said that's why you shouldn't explore the real world .
then they went home .
on tuesday Lisa +...
uh hard .
can you make [% talks very softly] ?
[ their mom said that they're gonna go out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and then Lisa [% clears throat] and her brother they yelled out Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and the mom drived .
when they gotta the restaurant they ordered .
Lisa ordered .
and Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a &=sighs +...
but the mom and the brother knew what they wanted to order .
[^ clears throat] the brother wanted to order the hamburger and the fries &*INV:mhm and the chocolate shake .
and the mom ordered +...
and so I don't remember but &=sighs .
and so the mom reached down to get the money .
but it wasn't there .
she left it on the counter .
Abel woke up and saw what time it was .
so Abel went to get some cereal .
but then he spilled the milk .
so he went to get his clothes .
hm:: ?
so he ate his cereal .
and then he got ready .
and then he broke his shoelace .
so he went to get +...
and then he took some tape and put it on .
and then he tied his shoe .
and then he went to go to the busstop .
but then the bus left without him .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said you are late .
Jaden and Brooke went to the park .
they wanna have a picnic .
but then they they saw a spaceship came with suitcases and a dog and a little kid and a mom and dad and a sister .
so Daniel I mean &=sighs +...
I'm going to change my name to angelica .
angelica wanted to get out of the bushes .
and Abel didn't wanna because he saw the aliens .
so angelica just stayed in .
but Abel wanted to go home .
but that's the way to go home from him .
so angelica and Abel <> ran out of the park .
and the aliens saw them .
and they said hi .
but when they said hi they ran faster and faster and faster until they got home .
when they got home they told their mom and dad .
mom dad there's aliens in the park .
so they went to the park .
and they never saw it .
the end .
Lisa and I forget the brother's name .
Lisa and her brother's mom said we're going out to dinner tonight .
where would you like to go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so then their mom drive to the closest Mcdonalds .
and then the little girl didn't know what to order .
but her mom and her brother already knew what they were going to order .
her brother was going to order a cheeseburger and a large strawberry milkshake and some french fries .
and <> her mom was going to order some salad .
then she finally knew what she was going to order .
she said to the clerk she was going to have a happy meal and a vanilla icecream cone .
and the clerk said that would be twenty dollars and fifty cents .
then the mom reached into her purse .
but it wasn't there .
so then she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
the little woke out of bed .
then he saw that he was late for school .
he kept looking at the clock when he was pouring his cereal .
then actually poured too much milk .
and he poured it on the table .
then he tried tying his shoes .
but his shoelace broke .
and then when he got outside the bus was already leaving .
and then when he gotta school his teacher said you're late .
once there was a little girl and boy .
and they were walking down a trail .
but then they saw a spaceship landed on the ground .
and then they saw aliens coming out of it .
and the little girl wanted to go and see them .
but her brother wouldn't let her .
and they had an alien dog .
and to the little girl they lookeded [: looked] [* m:+ed] nice .
but the boy was scared of aliens .
.
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and they wanted to eat there .
and mom left her purse there at home .
so the children couldn't eat .
but Lisa she wanted a lot of things that cost twelve dollars .
but her mom didn't have it .
john couldn't get on the bus because he had a hard time in the morning .
he couldn't get out of bed .
he couldn't stir his cereal .
he couldn't tie his shoes .
he couldn't get ready for the bus or go to school .
there were two people including a dog .
and they're real people .
and some were aliens .
and some were nice people .
the people that were there were not very nice to aliens because they didn't make good friends .
that when they come out of school the mom said where do you wanna go eat .
and they they had got their mom and said that they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and they went .
and then they buy something to eat .
and then their mom said that it didn't have no money to buy some .
and (11.) they went back home .
he waked up &*INV:okay and saw the clock .
and he say he was late .
and he went to eat .
but he made a mess .
and the clock was going on .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
but the tie broke .
and he he was ready .
and then the bus leaved because he was too late .
the sister wanted to come .
and the brother said no because they're not gonna know what your saying .
and then he stopped .
and then the girl didn't wanted to touch the dog .
and the momma of the Chinos were getting off the plane or ship .
&*INV:go_ahead and they they hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] a dog .
and then the girl go with her friend .
the girl wanted to came back &*INV:okay and touch the puppy or a dog .
and his brother said no because the girl was holding the hand of his brother .
and the brother said no because they might be scared and hit you .
on tuesday Raymond and <> Susan's mother told them they're gonna eat somewhere .
<> she asked them where they wanted to eat .
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
at Mcdonalds Susan couldn't decide what she wanted .
Raymond and his mother already <> knew .
Raymond wanted the cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
their mother wanted the salad .
Susan does just found out what she just wanted .
she said she wanted a happy meal .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the problem was that she forgot her purse on the kitchen table .
what do you think they should do ?
I think they should go back home and get the purse because without the money they can't buy the food .
and you know that because I already said that .
so I guess they're gonna make the food while they get the purse because the wallet is inside where the purse and the money is inside the wallet .
once there was this boy named Tom .
he had a really difficult day .
when he woke up his alarm clock ringed so loud it gave him a headache .
at breakfast time he he spilled his milk all over the place .
he had a hard times tying his shoes .
and he was late for school .
when he arrived at school <> the principal said that he was <> very late .
he hadta go in the principal's office .
and the principal asked him a few questions why he was late .
Tom said he was late because he he had a really difficult day .
he told him about the milk the shoes and him being late and also about his headache .
the principal understood .
she just let him have detention for one hour .
but he was still going to a next grade .
the end .
I call this story The_Aliens_Who_Came_To_Earth .
one day in may second some aliens came to earth .
there was a boy and a girl watching .
the girl's name was Lisa .
the boy's name was Jonathan .
Jonathan was scared of them .
but Lisa wasn't .
they saw an alien dog that really looked ugly .
they saw a whole alien family .
they wondered how it would be .
Jonathan was really scared but not Lisa .
brave old Lisa went over there and asked them .
the aliens stared .
they just grabbed her and brought her back into the spaceship .
Jonathan followed .
john help screamed screamed <> Lisa .
john was right in there when the doors closed .
the spaceship flew off .
Lisa and Jonathan were trapped .
how will they get out ?
this was a bad thing .
Lisa was crying .
I should have not <> went over here said Lisa in a crying voice .
john stared at her or Jonathan .
and he saw a rope by the window .
wait he said I think I have an idea .
he opened the window .
and the rope was long enough to go down .
they slid down the rope to the ground .
they ran home as fast as they could .
they told their parents about the the aliens .
they <> thought it was just a dream .
they thought they were just being weird and crazy .
but they really said the truth .
the grandpa grandma mother father and the little baby sister and brother went over .
the spaceship was gone .
<> it was nowhere in sight .
they told them they had really seen aliens .
oh oh I wish I hadn't done that said Lisa in a worried voice .
her voice was as squeaky as a mouse .
john's voice was low as a tuba .
[^ giggles] I'm just kidding .
it was just squeaky as hers .
but the aliens voice were low as a tuba .
the spaceship was really loud .
nearly broke their heads off .
after the trip home they ate their dinner went to bed .
and this was the end .
and they never saw the aliens again .
the end .
thank you .
Lisa and her brother ?
mom said we're going out to eat .
mom said where do you wanna eat today .
<> Lisa and her brother screamed <> Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
her brother <> he said +...
Lisa could not figure out what she wanted .
she said a happy meal or a happy meal &=laughs .
and her brother asked for a cheeseburger french <> fries and a vanilla milkshake with a coke .
her mother asked for a salad .
Lisa finally made up her decision .
I want a happy meal with french fries and a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
but when he said how much it cost when Lisa and her brother's mom reached down to get her purse it wasn't there .
she had left it at the kitchen counter .
when Max got out of the bed he didn't feel very good .
when he went to get his milk and his cereal he looked at the time .
when he wasn't looking his milk spilled out of the bowl .
when he was trying to do his shoelace it broke in half .
but when he got outside the bus was already going .
but when he gotta school he was late .
one boy and girl one day went to the park .
they saw a spaceship landing down .
when that door opened they saw a strange family come out .
they could never figure out what they were .
until when they said something they they could tell .
they were aliens .
&=sighs on tuesday Lisa and her +...
I forgot her brother's name .
I can't pronounce it that well .
but Lisa and her brother got home .
and their mother said they're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
so &=sighs Lisa and her brother <> both yelled out Mcdonalds .
so their mother got in the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there <> Lisa's brother and the mother both knew what they wanted .
but Lisa didn't yet .
so Lisa's brother and her mother ordered first .
and their mother got a salad .
Lisa's brother got a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and finally Lisa knew what she wanted .
she wanted a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
and she so +...
and the guy at the register register said that would be twelve fifty .
so the mother went to get her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
so what do you think they should do ?
I think that they should go home and get it .
um what are the who are the +/.
okay I gotta think of a name .
um is this sposta be a boy or a girl ?
um it can be a girl .
Lisa like the one at Mcdonald Mcdonalds .
Lisa woke up one morning .
she hadta go to school .
she was tired .
and her alarm clock didn't go .
so she woke up .
she looked at that clock .
and she got her breakfast .
and she accidently poured too much stuff in .
she spilled and made a mess .
and she put too much of <> breakfast in her bowl .
so she hadta finish it all .
and she didn't finish it in time .
then she hadta get her shoes on and get dressed .
so she got her shoes on .
then her shoelace got undone or something .
her shoelace snapped .
then she tied her shoe with a short shoelace .
then as soon as she went out to sidewalk where her bus goes she missed the bus .
and the bus was just going .
so she hadta walk to school .
<> and her backpack was very heavy .
and she didn't wanna miss the bus that day .
so she walked to school .
she tried to go as fast as she could .
but she was really tired because she was sleepy and her backpack was way to full .
so when she gotta school the principal was standing at the door .
and the principal said how come you're late Lisa .
and she said I had lots of problems this morning .
and one of my biggest problems was that my alarm clock didn't ring .
so the principal understood .
and so the principal forgave her .
and she went into class and told her teacher what happened .
then her teacher forgave her .
and she had a good day .
one day a boy and a girl name Annie and john went off to the park .
when they got there it was a warm day .
and it was in the summer .
and when they got there they saw something really weird .
they saw some aliens .
the aliens came off from a space shuttle .
and they had a pet alien or something .
and so Annie wasn't afraid .
she wanted to go .
but john was pulling her arm .
and she was pulling his to go over there .
and <> he was pulling her back .
so Annie pulled him over .
and they asked what their names were .
Annie told them .
and they &=sighs +...
this story isn't gonna be long .
okay and they all were nice to each other .
and they all became friends .
and they played in the park and stuff .
and the mother's name was Mary .
father's name was Joe or something .
and the little girl's name was seven legs [% giggles] .
one day Emily and chuck were coming home from school .
and their mom asked where do you wanna eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so she got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and her mom said what do you_all want ?
and then chuck said I want a Big_Kids_Meal chocolate shake and french fries .
Emily said I want a kidsmeal a chocolate icecream cone and french fries .
and their mom had a salad .
and she reached down to get her purse .
and she didn't see it there .
so that's it .
do you want me to tell my title first ?
okay it's Late_for_school .
this boy named nick he got up from school .
and he found out that he was late .
he tried to get in a hurry .
but he started to spill his milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
and he missed the bus .
and then he went to school .
and the principal Miss_lebrecht was standing outside the door and said you are late for school .
better get back in class and go do your work .
The_Aliens_That_Came_To_Earth .
okay one day a boy and a girl were walking down to the park .
and they saw a spaceship coming down that had a sign on it .
and they didn't know what it meant .
and then aliens with eight legs started to come out .
and a girl that was an alien had a dog in her hands .
the dog had fur and a fur tail on .
and he was looking over at the bench .
and this family was coming out .
and then there was an alien that was in there and started to wave .
and the spaceship went back up .
so the girl and the boy went out to see the aliens .
and the boy said no no .
and then the girl just kept on walking .
they came home from school .
and the mother asked they're going out to eat .
and the mother said where do you wanna go .
and both of the children said Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car .
and <> drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and sorry I forgot the girl's name .
Sally <> didn't know what to get .
but the mom and the +...
can't remember the boy's name .
the mom and the son knew what to order .
and when they gotta the counter they knew what to order .
and <> the son said I'll have a Big_Kids_Meal cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla <> milkshake .
and the mom got a salad .
and finally the daughter knew what to order .
and she said a happy meal .
and she wanted a vanilla icecream cone with a coke .
and then she wanted a happy meal .
and the waitress said that will be twenty nine dollars and twenty nine cents .
and the mom when she reached into her purse she knew that the purse was left on the kitchen table at home .
and the mom wrote a check .
the daughter's name was Rachel .
and the son's name was +...
I forget the son's name .
and the son's name was Matt .
and [% tape malfunctions] um I can't remember .
once there was a boy that got up .
and he was late for school .
and he went in the kitchen with his nightclothes on and poured some milk .
then he got dressed and put on his shoes .
and then his shoelace broke .
and then he was ready to go out for the bus .
and the bus already passed to pick up the other kids .
and the bus was already at school .
and the boy was late for school because he was late for the bus because he got up too early .
and and the person that was standing outside the door told him he was too late for school .
ten and that he was too late for school .
that's all I can think of .
once there were these people that came down in a ship to the park to play .
and there were these two people there .
and the girl wanted to pet the doggy .
but the dad <> didn't want her too .
but the girl was pulling him .
and the dad knew what they were .
but the girl didn't .
because the dad knew what they <> looked like .
and they were aliens .
because the girl thought they weren't and they were people .
and the girl thought the dog <> looked nice because the doggy looked like a real one .
that's all I can think of for this story .
I forgot .
in the story after they got home and their mother said we are going out to eat today .
and and she said where do yall wanna go eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they ordered two happy meals two fries two drinks and one milkshake and one icecream and one salad .
and when she reached to her purse for twelve dollars and fifty cents she had left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Kevin .
he he was late for school .
and he got up late because he didn't not set his alarm clock .
this morning when he woke up to fix his breakfast he found out it was spoiled milk .
and he couldn't use use it .
so he hadta get his sister's milk .
next he was trying to tie his shoe .
he pulled his shoelaces and hit his knee .
and he didn't have anything to tie his shoes with .
and then when he didn't have anything to tie his shoes with before he gotta the door he tripped .
he missed the school bus .
the school bus was already leaving by the time he got there (2.) .
now he hasta walk .
when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
and he was sad because he did all those things and missed the bus .
and when he got into class everybody was doing doing the second project .
once there was a a town where these aliens live in outer space .
and they moved to Texas .
and this girl name Lisa went to the park .
and their ship had landed at the park .
and her brother named Kevin was scared to go .
but she was happy to go .
and the aliens stopped .
the the breeze was nice because it was like summer .
and leafs wasn't falling .
and they thought they they could take a good swim .
and Lisa thought that she could play with the aliens .
but her brother <> didn't think she should play with the aliens .
but she thought it was a good idea .
he thought it wasn't .
and they had a little dog .
he was real furry and stuff .
and she wanted to play with the dog .
and he didn't think it was a nice thing to play with the dog .
and now when the spaceship landed the lady that was doing all the stuff and helping them get they stuff moved waved goodbye and took the ship up back to space .
they didn't stay outside a long time or they will melt .
their spots will come off .
and they won't be real aliens .
but the dog could because it would have air lots of breeze .
and it would have lots of food .
if the dog went away the girl could see him out the window .
the alien's mom thought that if Lisa <> came over there that her daughter wouldn't play with her .
but the brother was really scared to go .
and when Lisa pulled his hand +...
and she left it .
and her brother put back back .
Kevin ran home .
she stayed playing with the alien's daughter .
and when he get home he hid under his pet .
when his mother asked house on the market Kevin had said it some aliens that moved into town .
and Lisa's playing with the dog and the daughter .
the end .
on tuesday there was a mother .
and she said why don't we go out to eat .
and Lisa and Terom &*INV:okay they jumped up and <> said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
her brother did .
but she didn't .
and then she decided .
she wanted a happy meal and a vanilla <> milkshake with a coke .
and then the cashier said that would be twelve fifty .
and then Lisa noticed that her mom left the purse back at the house on the counter .
and they didn't know what to do .
there was this kid named Joey .
he woke up .
there once was kid named Joey .
he woke up .
and then he knew he had school .
so he went downstairs made breakfast for himself .
and he had cereal .
and then he spilled his milk .
and then he got dressed .
so he he cleaned up his mess then got dressed .
then he tied his shoes .
and then a shoelace snapped .
so he <> tried to tie his shoe .
<> a small shoelace and a long shoelace .
and he went outside .
he got his bookbag and then went outside to the bus stop .
and he missed the bus .
so he decided to walk to school .
and <> his teacher was waiting outside the door .
and then his teacher said he was late for school .
so he felt bad .
once there was this brother and sister .
they heard this sound .
so they went back to the park to see if the sound was coming from there .
and then they saw this yellow thing up in the sky .
and then it go closer and closer .
so then they saw that it was a spaceship .
and then they saw aliens walking out .
it was a whole family a dog a kid a mother and a father .
and and the girl named Michelle she wanted to go say hi to them .
but Joe <> grabbed her arm and said no .
so she was like alright alright .
and then they went home to tell their parents the story .
and their parents said I don't believe you .
but they said we could prove it .
so they brought their parents to the place they saw them .
and then their parents saw the spaceship .
and then their parents said cool I can't believe this .
and then the mother said I'm going home to get the camera .
and she went home to get their camera .
and then she came back .
and then she filmed the aliens and the spaceship .
so she put it on tv .
and everybody came to their house and said wow how did you film that .
they went to Mcdonalds .
they ordered some food .
and the mom ordered salad .
but she forgot her purse .
and they were in trouble I think .
and so they went back home real quick and got the purse and went back to Mcdonalds .
he woke up .
he was getting breakfast .
his shoelaces got untied .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
so then he woke up again got ready .
and his shoelace broke again .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school again !
a little girl took her brother to the park .
and then a spaceship came down .
and there were aliens coming down .
and they were going to have a picnic .
and they were going to play and eat .
and then they're going back home .
but they were harmless aliens .
that's all I got .
there was a boy and a girl and their mom .
and their mom said we're going out to dinner .
and she asked the kids where do you wanna go ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't remember what she wanted .
and the boy he knew what he wanted .
and the mom did .
the mom wanted a salad I think .
and the boy wanted coke with a cheeseburger and fries .
and Lisa finally remembered what she wanted .
and it was a happy meal with +...
the boy had a vanilla milkshake I mean .
and then Lisa finally remembered what she wanted .
and then it was a kidsmeal .
and then she had coke with a chocolate <> icecream cone .
and then the manager said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom looked in her purse .
and she's forgot her wallet on the kitchen counter .
<> once upon a time there was this boy .
and he woke up late .
and he did everything wrong .
he poured too much milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
and he missed the bus .
and then he came in late to school .
once upon a time there was two children .
and one of the children wanted to +...
and a spaceship landed down I mean .
and these squids came out .
and the girl wanted to go see them .
and they had a goat .
and she scared them away .
there once was two kids that were coming home from school .
and their mother asked them we're going out for dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both screamed at the same time Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and when they came into the restaurant Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond and <> their mom knew exactly what they were going to order .
<> Raymond ordered french fries a cheeseburger and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered salad .
and then finally Lisa decided <> what she wanted .
she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
as their mother reached down to get her purse she saw that it wasn't there .
she had left it at home .
one day a little boy got out of bed .
and he was having a really bad day .
when he poured his milk into his cereal bowl it fell all over because he wasn't looking what he was doing .
then when he was tying his shoes to get to school his shoelace broke .
and what he did was he probably unlaced them and walked into school with one laced and one unlaced .
his teacher said what happened to your laces .
and he said it broke .
and so then as soon as he got home he went to get a new pair of shoelaces .
once there was a alien ship that landed in the middle of a picnic spot where two children were about to eat in a park it looks like .
and as soon as the alien family got off the girls wanted to meet them .
and so she was running .
but the boy grabbed her hand because he didn't want her to go .
and then the ship took off .
and the alien family sat down at the only picnic table that was free .
and so they didn't get to go to their picnic .
tuesday .
can't remember .
asked to go out to eat .
they went to Mcdonalds .
they ordered .
Raymond ordered a chocolate icecream cone happy meal .
and then they forgot their money at home on the table .
boy woke up .
and he was fixing cereal .
and then he was gonna tie his shoes .
and then he went outside .
and his school bus was leaving .
he hadta walk to school .
and he went in class .
the end .
there was a ship .
and there was aliens inside it .
and her brother named Cody .
and Cody's sister wanted to go see the aliens .
but Cody said no .
and he pulled his sister named Debbie .
and they +...
and she's going to go see it to say hi to the aliens .
the end .
um I can't remember the first part .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat for dinner tonight .
<> where would you like to eat ?
Mcdonalds yelled Raymond and Lisa .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered something .
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond and their mom knew what to order .
Raymond ordered a large cheeseburger and <> a milkshake and fries .
and their mom ordered a salad &=laughs .
and Lisa knew what she wanted now .
she wanted a kidsmeal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and and the waiter said that would be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and their mom said okay .
but she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
and <> they went back home .
and they got in the Carline again .
that was a long story .
the end .
the kid +...
the alarm clock rang .
and the kid went ahh@c what's happening .
where am I ?
oh I'm at home .
and when he gotta kitchen to eat breakfast he spilled his milk .
and when he got dressed and <> was gonna tie his shoes a shoelace broke .
and he missed the school bus .
and he was late for school .
the end .
two kids were in the park .
and they saw some aliens .
so the girl said come on let's go .
and the boy said I don't think that's a good idea .
and the girl said but look they have a cute little dog .
and the boy said I don't think that's a dog .
and the girl said of course it is .
and they had eight legs .
and a weird looking dog and stuff .
and I don't know what planet they're from .
but it looks like they're from mars .
the end .
one day the the kids came home from school school .
and their mother asked where should we go out for dinner tonight ?
and the kids both said Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
and and when they got there the brother and the mother both <> knew what they wanted .
the mother wanted a salad .
and when the person said that will be twelve dollars and twenty five cents she reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
okay .
I'm ready .
I hafta do tell the story to you ?
one day Nettie woke woke up look at his alarm clock .
and he was like oh my gosh I'm late .
at breakfast he spilled his milk all over his arm arm .
and he knew this was gonna be a bad day .
then when he was tying his shoe his shoelace broke .
and that made him really annoyed .
and he missed his bus for school .
so he hadta walk there .
and the principal was outside pointing to her watch .
and and she was like you're ten minutes late .
and he'd hafta get a late pass .
the end .
once upon a time mickey and Daniel were playing in the park .
until they saw something hovering in the sky .
then Daniel said perhaps it's a bird .
then Michelle said perhaps it's a plane .
then Daniel said it's a spaceship .
run .
and they hid behind a bush .
and out came weird looking aliens and a weird looking dog .
then the father alien said let's stay here for our vacation .
and then Michelle said let's go meet them .
then Daniel was like no no no .
don't go .
don't go .
then Michelle was like alright .
and then they started to set up inflatable house .
and they put on human disguises .
and so did their dog .
and then after two weeks weeks the house was gone .
spaceship came back down .
the aliens took off their disguises went back in in blasted off into space .
then Daniel said they're gone .
we can go out to the park now .
one day when Raymond and Lisa got back home from school their mom told them we're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
they said Mcdonalds .
one day xxx got out of bed .
he went to go make his cereal .
but he spilled the milk because his milk had a hole in it .
and he tried to get dressed .
but his xxx xxx xxx xxx .
and he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher said you're late .
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who saw aliens getting out of a ship and going to have a picnic at the park .
where they got their xxx for their ship .
there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named um I forget .
and they both screamed Mcdonalds at the same time and got in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
and everybody decided but Lisa .
and the mother wanted a salad .
the boy wanted a a cheeseburger and a drink and a milkshake .
the girl got a a burger with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
The_Bad_Day .
a boy named <> Billy got up in the morning .
he was late .
he ate breakfast .
and the milk spilled on his cereal and dripped on the floor .
then when he started tying his +...
after he got dressed when he tied his shoes a shoelace broke off .
then he ran to go to the bus .
but the bus wasn't there anymore .
then he ran all the way to school .
his teacher saw him and gave him a good job .
first off she gave him a goody .
once upon a time a little girl , .
Lisa and boy named Gudrick went off to the park to play .
then they saw this thing .
<> they thought that it was just a toy .
but aliens were inside .
and then when aliens walked out there was a a mother and a father and a little girl and a dog .
the boy was scared .
but the girl wasn't .
the girl had +...
then the aliens got scared and ran away all around everywhere and then got back in the spaceship and left then .
Mary and her brother was at school .
and they came home .
and the the mother said where do yall wanna eat .
and the children yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Mary ordered a chocolate shake .
and the mother ordered the salad .
and it was a dollar and fifty cent .
and the mother left her purse at home .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
he was in the bed asleep .
and he had a breakfast .
and he he had spilled the milk .
and and then he had got dressed for school and put on his shoes .
and the bus had went by his house .
and he hadta chase the bus .
and when he had gotta school he was looking sad because his hat was messed up .
and he had walked in the door .
and the the teacher saw him .
and he was late for school .
the end .
once upon a time it was this girl and her brother .
they had walked in the woods and saw squids .
and the little girl start running .
and the brother said no stop and grabbed her hand .
and they was waving at one they family .
and the little girl was holding the puppy .
and the father he was holding the <> suitcase and the sleeping bag .
and xxx xxx +...
and the airplane had left when the person on the plane had waved goodbye .
and then they had a picnic .
and the picnic was very very fun .
the end .
