well Raymond and Lisa came home on a tuesday afternoon from school .
and their mother asked where would you like to go to <> eat for dinner ?
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
she said okay .
and they got in the car and they went .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but Raymond and the mother knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond's mother ordered a salad .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake and a double cheeseburger .
and then Lisa finally decided that she wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the store clerk rung up the whole price .
and it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mother figured out that she'd left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
one day jimmy woke up .
his alarm clock went off late .
and he looked at it and it was eight o'clock and he needed to be at school by eight ten .
and so he wanted to hurry .
and he wanted to get to school really really fast because he didn't wanna be late because then he'd get a tardy slip .
and then his mom might be mad at him .
and to top that all off it might go on his report card .
then he went downstairs .
and he knew he hadta have breakfast because he had a really big test coming up .
and that was today .
and he barely even study for it .
so he thought that a breakfast might help him .
but he tried pouring the milk .
and the milk spilled <> all over the table and all over the floor .
and then he looked at the clock .
and <> already it was eight twenty .
so he was already sposta be at school .
so now he is hurrying even faster .
and so he just decides that he can't even deal with the breakfast or clean up the mess right now .
so then he hurried to get dressed .
and after he <> put his red shirt on with the orange stripe and his jeans on and his shoes with darkish purple and the white stripes his shoelace broke right when he was trying to <> tie them .
and so then now he's just having a really bad morning because he's late .
he didn't have breakfast at all .
and his shoelace broke .
and so it's too <> small to tie to anything .
so he just decides that he hasta tuck the little shoelace that's broke into the shoe .
so then he gets his backpack and everything ready .
and there goes the schoolbus .
so he's late .
and so he's running after the schoolbus .
and it's five blocks to school .
he can run but he'll be even later after that .
so the school bus is just speeding .
and he can't <> catch it fast enough because obviously it's a schoolbus .
and so he just is gonna hafta walk the five blocks .
when finally gets to school the teacher tells him that he's way too late and gives him a tardy slip anyway .
so this was just a really bad morning for him .
once upon a time and during the summer may to be exact there was a family .
there was a girl and her brother .
the brother's name was jimmy .
and the girl's name was Katie .
and one day Katie went to the park with her brother .
and they were playing ball when they found out that a family of aliens had came down to earth .
jimmy was terrified .
and Katie was very psyched .
she loved weird stuff .
and she was just saying come on it won't hurt .
let's just go .
but jimmy was saying no I think it's a bad idea .
what if they're harmful .
and so Daniel just went back home because he thought it was just a really bad idea .
but Katie went up to the aliens and said where do you really live ?
and they said mars .
and then Katie said well can you prove it ?
and then the aliens said sure !
so they went back to mars .
and they got a piece of the planet .
and they came back .
and they showed it to her .
and then she believed them .
but then the aliens said now it's your turn .
and they they came up to Katie and and took her prisoner on the ship .
and then they all went back to mars .
and <> Katie was a alien too .
okay the mother came home .
and she asked the kids where they wanted to eat .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
so she said okay .
and then they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Raymond ordered a +...
oh my gosh .
I forgot .
he ordered something with a shake .
and then &*INV:okay the daughter ordered a happy meal with chocolate icecream cone .
and then the mother went to reach for her money .
but then she realized that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
okay the boy Ben woke up out of bed .
and then he realized that his clock didn't go off .
and then he got out of bed .
and then he went and got some cereal as fast as he could .
after that he put on his clothes .
and then he realized that his shoelace broke .
and so then he hurried up and got different pair of his shoes on .
and then went outside .
but then he realized that he missed the bus .
he went to school .
and then his teacher was waiting for him .
and then she saw him .
and he got in big trouble because he was late .
Nicky and Daniel were outside playing .
and then all the sudden they just see aliens come off of the ship .
and they come out .
and then Nicky wants to go say hi to them .
but Daniel's like no come back .
and then she's like why not .
and he's like because you don't know what kind of people they are and stuff like that .
and then they were just out looking around seeing how cool it is to be on earth .
and then Daniel and Nicky ran home to tell their parents about it .
one day when Raymond and Lisa got home from school they went inside .
and they talked to their mom .
and she said that they were gonna go out for dinner .
and she asked them what they wanted .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a Kids_Happy_Meal .
and when the person came onto the speaker phone Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
so she said to the clerk I want a kidsmeal cheeseburger with a chocolate icecream cone .
and they said that the total was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when it was time to pay their mother forgot that she had left the money at home .
one day a boy had woken up very late .
he hadta hurry and make himself breakfast because the bus was gonna be there any minute .
after he had gotten dressed he was tying his shoes .
when he was on his last shoe his shoelace suddenly broke .
that made him late for the bus .
when he arrived at school after walking the teacher scolded him for being tardy .
but he soon got over it .
one day Amy and Darin were having a picnic with their family .
all of a sudden they ran off to go find somewhere else to play .
as they were walking toward a forest they saw a spaceship landing with flows of <> strange writing on it .
and a family of aliens stepped out .
they had eight legs .
and the girls were wearing dresses .
they had five fingers on each hand .
all of a sudden they got really scared .
and they ran from that place .
they couldn't find their families after that .
but after three days they finally found their mom and dad .
they told them about the story .
and their parents asked them why they were gone so long .
they showed them back to where the spot where they had saw the aliens .
and all they could find were footprints .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got home from school .
and their mom said that for dinner they're go to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa and Raymond were very happy .
then they <> got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa when she walked in couldn't make up her mind .
but the mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
and then they ordered .
and Raymond asked for a cheeseburger a milkshake and something I forgot .
and the mom asked for a salad .
then Lisa knew what she wanted .
and she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the person behind the counter said that will be two fifty .
and the mom reached into her pocket and felt that she didn't have her wallet .
and that's where it ended .
she remembered that she left it on her kitchen counter though .
one day when Sam woke up he found his alarm clock on the floor and realized there was ten minutes left before school start .
he ran into the kitchen and started to get some cereal out and was pouring his milk and xxx looked at the clock .
and some milk got out .
when Sam was getting on his shoes after he got dressed his shoes snapped .
and he started to fumble with it and got mad .
but finally he got his shoes tied and ran outside but just late enough to see that the schoolbus had already left .
then Sam walked to school .
and when the teacher saw him coming in she pointed his finger at him and into the classroom .
one day when Rachel and Michael were on a field trip they were about to have lunch but then couldn't find another seat because all the picnic tables were taken .
so both of them went around and tried to find a place to go and then finally found one .
then all of a sudden when they were about to go sit down a huge yellow and orange u_f_o landed right in the park .
and they hid behind the bushes .
all of a sudden when the door opened and the gas went off a family of octopus aliens came out with all their luggage .
the littlest one was carrying a dog .
the mom was holding her hand .
and the dad had the suitcases .
in the u_f_o was the airplane lady and waved goodbye wishing them a good trip on the strange planet .
all of a sudden the door closed .
but Michael and Rachel were so surprised .
they hid behind the bushes and looked .
they heard mumbling noises and were surprised to hear that they were talking to each other .
they looked out .
xxx and Rachel was so surprised wanted to go over to them and see them and examine them .
Michael was really against that idea .
he told her to <> not go and grabbed her hand .
then she changed positions and grabbed his hand to take him with her .
when they got out behind the bushes the aliens were so shocked .
they scrimmaged around running places from here to there .
they were so shocked .
when Rachel finally got up to them they were cornered in the forest .
they had no clue what to do .
Rachel wanted to be kind and so did Michael .
so she tried talking in a mumbly voice .
she didn't realize that it was going to be a real language and that it'd mean anything .
but it did .
and it meant something great .
so the aliens weren't going to hurt her .
and she wasn't gonna hurt them .
all of a sudden the u_f_o came back .
and the family of aliens got back on to the u_f_o .
Michael and Rachel waved goodbye and so did the aliens .
(31.) .
Lisa and Raymond's mother asked where do they wanna eat .
both of them said Mcdonalds .
so they all hoped [>] +/.
so all of them hoped in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond and his mother already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa couldn't decide whether she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
<> and when they gotta the counter , Raymond said that he would like a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and finally Lisa decided what she wanted .
she said that she wanted a kidsmeal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when when they all ordered , their total was twelve dollars .
and when Lisa's mother went into her purse to get the money , she <> remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
Brian got out of bed at six o'clock to get ready for school .
he ran downstairs to eat breakfast .
and when he tried to pour the milk into the bowl , it splashed everywhere .
then he put on his clothes and reached in his shoes .
when he tried to tie his other shoe , one of the <> shoestrings broke .
when he went outside to catch the bus , the bus had left him .
then , when he walked to school , his principal had said he was late .
and he told her what happened .
Britney and Johnny were going to the park to have a picnic .
but when Johnny saw a strange spaceship landing he was scared .
then all of a sudden , a family of aliens came out .
and and they had a weird looking puppy .
Johnny was scared to go and say hi to them .
so Britney grabbed his hand and took him over there .
Raymond and his sister +/.
okay .
Raymond and his sister got home from school .
and their mom said that they were gonna go out to eat .
and where would they like to eat ?
Raymond and his sister both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond's sister couldn't figure out what she wanted to eat .
she either wanted a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
but their mother and Raymond knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mother <> wanted a salad .
finally Raymond's sister decided that she wanted a happy meal .
and then the clerk said twelve fifty .
and as the mother reached for her purse it was gone .
oh no look at the time .
I've overslept .
I can't believe it .
I didn't hear my alarm clock .
oh_man I'm so tired .
alright well I gotta jump out of bed .
oh_man I spilled my milk .
this is not my morning .
it's horrible .
I can't believe this .
everything's ruined .
I am ruining my shoes .
I can't even tie them .
gosh I hate this morning .
oh_man now I'm late for the bus .
it's impossible .
I'm never late for the bus .
oh_man now I've gotta run to school .
oh this cannot be cool .
I am sorry .
I really didn't mean to be late .
I overslept .
and my alarm clock went off too late .
I'm really sorry .
look !
on my way home from school I found this really cool new park .
I've never seen it before .
it's strange .
okay let's go there after school .
great .
okay .
<> look how cool this is .
it's big and wide open and so much fun .
come over here .
and we can have races .
okay .
oh no look !
oh my gosh stop .
look !
what are those ?
I don't know .
let's go meet them .
no no don't don't stop !
let's watch them first .
let's see what happens .
all these aliens started coming out of the spaceship .
oh my gosh look how cool it is .
<> , come on , don't be scared .
as soon as they walked up to the aliens the aliens tried to eat them .
oh my gosh we're so scared .
oh my gosh I'm scared .
<> let's go back home .
come on , , come on , don't be scared .
they just wanna meet us .
come on , .
oh my gosh they really are trying to eat us .
come on , <> let's go .
the end .
they were in the car .
and the mom asked them where they wanna eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went up and ordered .
and when the cashier told the mom the money she reached in her purse and realized it wasn't there .
and she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
and that's all I remember .
one morning a boy woke up .
and the alarm clock went off .
he went and poured some milk .
but he spilled it all over the table .
next he went and put on his clothes and tied his shoe .
but his shoestring broke .
then he went to the bus .
but he missed it .
that morning he was late for school .
and his teacher was wondering where he was .
I'm gonna call this the octopus family .
one day they got off this space shuttle and took their dog for a walk .
these two kids Mitchell and Jordan saw octopuses walking .
Michelle looked happy .
but Daniel tried to stop her .
next she tried to go over .
but Daniel still stopped her .
the octopuses looked happy .
um that's all I can think of .
the mom got home .
and she told the kids that they were going out to dinner .
and she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
and then when they gotta Mcdonalds Jane couldn't decide on what she wanted xxx the Big_Mac or the happy meal .
and and I forgot the rest .
and the mom knew what they wanted .
so when they gotta the counter the brother he wanted a cheeseburger some fries and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then Jane finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a cheeseburger with a chocolate cone I think um .
and when the xxx xxx say it was twelve dollars and something cents .
when the mom reached down to get her pocketbook she just remembered that it was on the kitchen counter at home .
Tom woke up in the morning and looked at the clock to see what time it was .
and then Tom went into the kitchen .
and he poured some cereal in the bowl .
and then he poured the milk all over the table and all over the floor .
and then he got dressed .
and when he was about to tie his shoes the shoestring tore .
and he got mad .
and then when he was walking out of the house door the <> school bus had passed the house .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and then when he gotta school the teacher were right there and told him what time it was .
and he hadta hurry up and get to class before he get tardy .
I'll call this the the aliens .
one day when john and Jill Jill were walking to the picnic in the park they saw a big huge space shuttle with weird words on it .
and then when they looked again they saw it opening .
and when it opened alien people came out of it with an alien dog and a little girl a mom a dad and another girl about to come out of it .
Jill wanted to go over there .
and she thought it was just some people dressed in a costume .
and john he hurry up .
john didn't wanna go over there .
and Jill grabbed him and xxx xxx hand .
and Jill was pulling him and almost about to grab her .
and when Jill grabbed john the aliens heard john and Jill .
and they they say hi .
and the aliens say hi in a crazy voice .
and then the aliens asked them if there was a house for rent anywhere .
and they said no .
and so the aliens they slept in the woods over night and xxx .
then when they slept at night <> Jill and <> john went to where they were sleeping at .
and they looked in their xxx .
they found out that they were real people and that they had on costumes to trick people .
their mom told them that they're eating out .
and Teresa couldn't remember once they gotta Mcdonalds .
well they both screamed Mcdonalds .
and see I'm not a really good once I read it like if my mom reads it I don't remember anything um .
they didn't get their food .
they were hungry .
and Lisa I think +...
Lisa she ordered [% child laughs] a kidsmeal [% third party speaking in background] and a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
one morning Joshua woke up by his alarm because it was broken because it fell off his dresser .
he <> looked at the clock .
and then he ran down the stairs .
he poured the milk all over the place for his cereal .
he was late getting his shoes on and getting dressed .
he he broke his shoe because he got frustrated because he forgot how to tie his shoe .
then he got his backpack .
he ran outside .
and then there was the bus .
the bus was already half way a mile .
then once he ran all the way to school his teacher was outside his classroom door .
and she was really mad because it was an hour past .
once there was a boy and a girl named john and Allie .
they were adventuring through the park .
and then they saw a big old ship landed on the park .
first they saw a a weird looking dog came out with a big long neck .
and then they saw a child holding it .
and then the child was holding the mother .
and then right behind the mother was her husband .
he had about ten ten legs .
and right behind there was their teenage girl .
and Allie was so excited that she wanted to make friends with the aliens .
and Allie pulled his arm .
so they could of be friends .
but then john didn't wanna because you didn't know if they would wanna suck your brains out or not .
[^ laughs] but then Allie <> just let go and ran out in front of the the aliens .
and and they said mehow@c .
and then Allie said mehow@c back .
Allie knew what it meant because she was half chinese and half Japan .
then the little alien girl wanted to make friends with Allie .
so they were talking in Chinese hoyyahshiyashia@c to her mom and asked her if they could be friends .
so then Allie went up to the alien girl .
and they shook hands .
then they ran off with the dog and started playing Catch_The_Alien_Leg .
there was two boys .
and a mother asked where <> they wanted her to take her to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the brother and the mom knew what they were gonna order .
but his sister had a hard time .
and when they finally got up to the cash register they ordered a salad fries a coke and hamburgers and french_fries .
and her sister made her order .
and the cost was twelve fifty .
and the mother was going to reach for her wallet in her purse .
and then she remembered that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
this story is Bill's_Late_For_School .
this boy named bill .
he wakes up late looks at his clock gets out of bed .
and he's pouring milk splashes it everywhere .
and he looks at the time .
and he is late .
goes gets dressed .
and his shoelace breaks .
he he finally gets everything he needs runs outside and misses the schoolbus .
tries to get it to stop .
but they keep going .
he's gotta find a way to get to school .
when he finds a way to get to school he gets there .
and then he he meets up at the door .
and his teacher tells him he's late again .
One_Alien_Ship .
this boy named Billy and his sister Sam were out one day walking around after school .
next thing they see is a ship land getting ready to take off .
it was no plane .
they were wondering what it was .
so Sammy wanted to get out and look at it closer .
and bill doesn't like the idea too much .
next thing aliens come out a girl a guy with lots of suitcases and lots of legs a mom and their pet dog that was kind of furry .
and he thought that if they left it would be good .
and then they went back to see if it was true what happened .
and they never saw them .
and they never even found the place .
they went back on a different route saw the aliens .
but they weren't no aliens .
they were just people that looked alike .
and they were wondering if it was just their imagination that crossed over because they were reading about aliens in school or if their parents just filled their mind with aliens when they were watching tv that night .
Lisa and Raymond's mom said we're eating out tonight .
and where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted between the happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mom had already decided what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a Big_Mac with a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind about <> what she wanted .
and she told the clerk a happy meal a coke and a chocolate shake .
and the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars .
when <> their mom went to reach for her purse it wasn't there .
and she realized she had left it on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
Raymond woke up .
and he was very tired .
then when it was time for breakfast he looked at the clock and knew he was really late for school .
and he was so tired he spilled milk all over the table .
and when he got dressed and put his shoes on his shoelace broke .
and when he went outside with his backpack +...
and he tried to run after the bus because he missed it .
and then he he supposedly walked to school .
and his teacher was standing outside the door pointing at her watch which meant you're late .
Raymond and Julie found a trail and followed it .
when they gotta the end of the trail there was a spaceship that was yellow orange and red .
they waited for awhile .
and when the door opened this family came out .
but it wasn't a regular family .
they were aliens .
and Julie wanted to go talk to them .
but Raymond said no .
I don't think that's a good idea .
and after that Raymond pulled Julie to the trail and went back up it .
and they never saw the aliens again .
uhuh .
&=laughs on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where do you wanna go for dinner ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and then went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to order .
while Raymond and his mom knew what they wanted to order .
and Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake fries and a burger .
well and then his mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate icecream cone a burger and fries .
then the clerk said the total was twelve ninety five or something .
and and then when her mom was checking for her purse <> she realized she didn't have it and remembered that she left it at home .
and that's it .
I'm gonna call this The_Worst_Day_Ever .
first there's a boy named bob .
and he wakes up in the morning and realizes that his alarm clock didn't go off .
so he's gonna be late for school if he doesn't hurry up .
then he goes downstairs to make himself some breakfast .
but he starts to look at the clock to check the time .
so he's pouring his milk .
and then he doesn't realize that the milk is spilling .
so now he hasta fix up his breakfast and everything .
then he takes a shower and gets ready and whatever .
and then when he's putting on his shoes he starts tying them .
but he's so strong it breaks his shoelace .
then he realizes that he's late for the school bus .
so when he goes outside the school bus is already driven away .
so then he ends up walking to school .
and the teacher was standing right outside the door waiting for him .
and she got mad at him and asked him why he was late .
he told the teacher the story about the bad day .
so the teacher <> forgave him .
I'm just gonna title this story The_Abduction .
and it's about a boy and a girl .
the boy's name is rob .
and the girl's name is lily .
so okay one day they were at the park .
and they were playing hide-and-go-seek .
when suddenly they heard a loud beeping noises from up above .
so they looked up and saw a huge spaceship that was orange and yellow .
and it was pretty big .
lily was so excited .
and she wanted to go near the spaceship .
and so she stood right beneath it .
and she called it down .
and as it came down rob grabbed lily by the hand and tried to pull her away .
but lily was so excited when she saw a bunch of aliens come out of it .
she saw a mom a dad a baby and a dog alien .
she wanted to go say hi to them and ask them what planet they were <> from .
so she grabbed rob by the hand and led him over to the aliens .
the aliens spoke a weird language .
so lily couldn't understand it .
so she tried to teach them english .
but but they couldn't learn it .
then soon it was getting dark .
and the sun was beginning to set .
so the alien family hadta go back to their planet which lily found out was berserk .
and so they went back in their spaceship and left back to their planet .
they were here on vacation for like a month .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond their mother told them in in the kitchen that they were going out to eat .
she asked them where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
but Lisa didn't know what she wanted to eat .
she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
in the end she ended up getting a happy meal fries and an icecream cone .
her mother wanted a salad .
her brother ordered a coke a Big_Mac and a chocolate milkshake .
and their mother wanted a salad .
but their mother left her purse at home .
so she couldn't pay the fee which was twelve fifty .
it was a sunny day when Marshall woke up .
he wasn't feeling too well .
and he wasn't on top of everything .
he was late waking up .
he was late getting breakfast .
and he was also late for the school bus .
when he arrived at school the teacher asked him what had been wrong .
and then she looked at his hair and saw that he hadn't brushed it yet .
he told her the story .
and she told him to go get an admittance slip to give to her .
but then when Marshall had it he dropped it into a trash can and couldn't find it .
so he hadta go back to the office and get a new one for his teacher .
it was a bright day when Erin and Natasha and their family went on a picnic .
Erin and Natasha were fooling around .
and they wandered away from the picnic table .
what they saw they couldn't believe .
they thought they had seen aliens walking out of a spaceship in the middle of a field .
even though they thought they could see it they didn't believe it because it was sweltering hot .
they went back to the campsite and told their parents this .
but no one ever believed them .
they didn't believe themselves either .
they just thought that they were just being weird .
they wanted to go back and see it .
but when they did not only did they see the aliens they saw aliens playing football soccer and basketball .
and there were other aliens holding aliens on leashes .
now they thought that they were going nuts .
but <> they went back and told their parents this .
and their parents got angry at them again .
so they left the picnic .
one day Lisa and Ronald were in the kitchen .
and their mama asked if they wanted to go out for dinner .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Ronald ordered a small hamburger with a vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a small kidsmeal cheeseburger with a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the total come up which was twelve ninety six the mother reached down to grab the money .
and her purse wasn't there .
and then she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter .
and the question was what should they do .
one day Arnold woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he was late for school .
as he was getting ready he started having trouble .
just like when he was pouring milk in his bowl to have cereal it spilled all over the table .
and when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
then when he tried to catch the school bus it had just left .
and then he gotta school very late because he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher was very upset .
one day Annie and Michael went to the park to grab sticks and throw it like Annie was a dog .
and when they got there they saw aliens arriving at the park .
and Annie went out to go look at them closer .
and Michael pulled her back because he thought they were dangerous .
and then as they were watching they looked a_lot friendlier .
then they went home to go tell their parents what they saw .
a tuesday afternoon Lisa and Raymond ran home .
and when they got home their mom said we're gonna go out for dinner tonight .
and where would you like to go ?
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they got there .
and Lisa couldn't decide what to order either Big_Mac or happy meal .
and her brother Raymond ordered a vanilla shake a Big_Mac and french_fries .
and Lisa finally decided .
and she ordered happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it would be twelve fifty .
and then Lisa's mom realized that she left her purse at home .
what should they do ?
one morning <> Sam woke up .
and he saw that his alarm clock was late .
and he knew that he was gonna have a bad day because he woke up late .
so he got up .
and he went into the kitchen .
and he looked at the clock .
and it was really late .
so he got his cereal .
and when he poured his milk the milk spilled all over the place .
and soon after that he went back into his bedroom got dressed .
and when he was putting his shoes on one of his shoelaces broke .
and he was really angry about that .
so he got another pair of shoes .
and he looked at the clock again .
and it was time to go .
so when he ran out the door the school bus had already left .
so he hadta walk to school .
and when he got there his teacher said he was late .
and he got in trouble .
one saturday afternoon Daniel and Marie were walking <> in the park .
and they took a shortcut to get there faster .
and then when they gotta the park they saw a spaceship .
and then the door opened .
and out came a little space alien dog with one eye a little girl a mom a dad and a little brother .
and Mari wasn't quite sure what to do .
and she was really happy .
and she was trying to run to the aliens .
and Daniel wouldn't let her .
what should she do ?
there were these two kids Lisa and Tommy &*INV:okay and then his mom .
the mom asked the kids where they wanted to go out to eat today .
and then they said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped up and jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they walked in .
Lisa <> didn't know if she could pick a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then Tommy ordered .
and he said a cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
and his mom said that she wanted a salad .
then Lisa <> decided that she wanted a happy meal with fries and a chocolate icecream .
but then when when she <> turned around to get her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she forgot it on the kitchen counter .
[^ whispers] I can't think of his name .
the boy was +/.
okay .
Kyle was sleeping in his bed .
and last night he forgot to put on his alarm clock .
so then <> he woke up .
and he saw the clock .
and it was already seven forty .
so he got up .
and he went to the kitchen and poured the milk .
and then he spilled it because he was looking at the clock the whole time .
then he was tying his shoe to +...
and then he he broke his shoelace .
and then when Kyle went outside he hurried up .
he got his backpack .
and then the school bus left .
he tried to catch it .
but then he was late .
then Kyle hadta walk to school .
and his teacher Miss_williams was pointing at her watch .
and then Kyle knew that he was really late .
and it was already eight thirty .
so then he went inside his classroom .
and then Miss_williams hadta call his mom to tell him that she was late .
there were these two kids Sarah and Michael .
on monday morning there was a circus at their school in the park .
so then they got up .
and they went to get dressed .
then Sarah really wanted to go see the circus .
so then he ran over there .
she went .
and while they were going they saw this u_f_o in the middle of the park .
and Sarah was excited .
and so she wanted to go say hi to the little girl and the dog .
but Michael said no they're aliens .
don't go over there .
you may get hurt .
and then Sarah didn't believe him because he thought that he just doesn't want Sarah to get friends .
so then Sarah went .
and he asked the alien girl what was her name .
and then she said my name is Michelle .
and then so Sarah went up there and said hi my name is Sarah .
do you wanna be my friend ?
and then Michelle said yes .
and she introduced her to her dog named Pluto .
so then she pet Pluto .
and then Pluto Pluto licked her face .
her mom asked Sarah if she wanted to go to the circus with them .
so she told her husband john that we're gonna go to the circus .
while john was making the tent and everything Michael went up and said Sarah it's time to go now .
so then the mom said that she'll take Sarah home .
and then Michael said no it's okay .
I'll take her home .
so then the mom said okay .
so then Sarah and Michelle said bye to each other and then to say bye to Pluto .
so then they went home .
and then they saw each other at school .
it was on a tuesday .
and Lisa and Raymond were home from school .
and their mother came home and told them that they were going to Mcdonalds .
and then they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa wasn't sure what to order .
and Raymond and their mother had both made up their mind .
when it was time to order the clerk asked Raymond what he wanted .
and he said he wanted a cheeseburger and french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and her mother ordered a salad .
Lisa had made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal with french_fries coke and an <> chocolate icecream cone .
<> and the clerk said it was twelve fifty .
when Lisa's mother reached for her purse it was gone .
the end .
once there was a boy named David .
and it was a wednesday morning .
and he woke up .
and he noticed that he was going to be late for school .
then he went to pour his milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
at this point he was very disappointed .
then he went to tie his shoes .
and it broke .
he was furious !
he walked out the door and noticed that his bus had already left .
and so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school his teacher was very furious .
the end .
there once lived two two children .
the boy's name was Randy .
and the girl's name was Maria .
one day they were walking in the park .
and they saw this really weird shaped thing from the sky coming down .
Randy said what is that ?
and Maria said I don't know .
let's get closer !
Randy said no that's a bad idea .
and then when it landed four aliens came out .
three of the aliens were octopus looking thingies .
and their name's were jack violet and spot .
the <> fourth alien looked kind of like a dog .
his name was Feefee .
violet said look at this place .
it's absolutely beautiful .
when Maria saw that she was amazed .
and Maria and Randy ran home to tell their parents .
their parents said that's bogus .
and they said we can prove it .
when they went back the ship was still there .
but nothing was around it .
the aliens had disappeared .
the end .
okay one day when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom said that they were going out for dinner that night .
where did they wanna go ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide in between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
but the mom and Raymond knew exactly what they were gonna have .
Raymond ordered a burger with a chocolate shake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally decided on a Big_Mac with a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
and the clerk said it was a total of twelve dollars .
and when the mom reached down for her purse to get the twelve dollars out it wasn't there .
and she realized she'd left it in the kitchen .
one day this twelve year old boy named Tom woke up and looked at his clock .
and he realized his alarm clock broke .
and school was about to start .
so he was gonna be late .
and then he was so worried about the time when he was getting ready for breakfast he spilled milk all over the table because he wasn't concentrating .
and then just his luck when he was getting ready to go and he was tying his shoes the lace broke off .
so he hadta fix his lace .
he hadta clean up the milk .
and after he did that he ran out the door to see his bus just leaving .
and he went to school .
his teacher said you're late .
look at the time .
and he said I know .
and he told her about it .
and she wasn't very happy .
but she told him it was okay .
the end .
one day a brother and sister named mark and Susie were walking down the park when they saw this big spaceship and a family of aliens .
and Susie said oh my gosh .
that's cool .
let's go meet them .
but mark said no no .
it's dangerous .
but she kept on saying please please .
and he got sick of it .
so mark just said fine .
but I'm not going with you .
so she went up to the little alien girl .
and she said hi my name is Susie .
what's your name ?
and she said my name's Susie too .
and Susie said cool .
and then they started playing together .
and they had a lot of fun .
and their family was really really nice .
and then when mark saw how much fun that they were having he felt guilty that he didn't like the people just because they were different .
so he joined in .
and the little alien girl Susie was nice enough to let him play .
and they were friends ever since then .
no I guess not .
their mom was asking them what Lisa and Raymand wanted for dinner .
and they both said they wanted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they went in .
and Lisa couldn't decide between a hamburger and a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered the Big_Mac the french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and they didn't say what their mom ordered .
and Lisa ordered a hamburger a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when their mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
lance woke up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he realized he had overslept .
he made a mad dash for the kitchen .
and as he was pouring his milk he looked at the clock and realized it was late .
so he poured faster .
and it spilt all over .
and after he had done cleaning it up and eaten what was left he got dressed as fast as he could tried to get everything matched .
and he was trying to tie his shoes .
and he pulled too hard .
and the shoelace broke .
as he got his backpack and ran out the door he tried to catch the school bus .
but he was late .
and he was going to +...
he was late .
so he walked to school .
when he came to school the principal was outside the door and told him that he was late and that he hadta stay after school for detention .
it was a normal day in the park .
and then an alien spaceship landed .
and the aliens came out .
and there was a girl named Crema .
and there was a guy named Daniel .
and they were at the park when the alien spaceship landed .
and when the aliens came out they hid behind a bush .
and Crema wanted to go out to see what they were like and if they were friendly or not .
and Daniel was so scared he tried to hold her back .
but she insisted .
when they came out she said welcome to earth .
and the aliens said that they were here on vacation .
and then Crema wanted to show them the neighborhood .
and they went around .
but they accidently scared some people .
and at the end of the day they said they hadta go home back to mars .
and when they flew off Crema and Daniel went to tell their parents .
but their parents didn't believe them because they insisted that aliens weren't real .
the end .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond came home their mother told them that they were gonna eat out .
and <> they she asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted either a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and Raymond knew what he wanted .
and so he said he wanted a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake and fries .
and Lisa finally decided that she wanted a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate ice cream .
and their mom wanted a salad .
and when the clerk rung it all up and they said it was twelve fifty .
and when their mom reached back for her purse it wasn't there .
so +...
and that's it .
one day Matthew was getting up one morning .
and his alarm clock went off .
and instead of getting it he hit his head on the desk .
he was trying to get ready fast and eat .
but he saw the clock .
and he knew that he was running behind .
he knew he hadta hurry up .
and he thought he might miss the bus .
and when +...
he was right .
he did miss the bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher said that he was late .
and he got in trouble .
one <> saturday mike and Julie were heading to the park for a nice game of croquet .
and when they got there instead of playing croquet they saw a spaceship landing and aliens coming off the the ship .
mike thought the aliens were bad .
but Julie thought they would be really friendly .
they had a whole family .
they had a dad a mom a sister a brother .
and they even had a dog .
and mike decided to stay behind the bush while Julie was going to go meet them .
and when Julie went to meet them they saw her .
and they said hello .
and Julie was surprised that they could speak english even though they were from another planet .
she asked them what planet they were from .
and they said they were from the planet mars .
and and when Julie and mike were leaving they asked if they could come with them .
and now they live as friends in the same house .
on tuesday when Lisa and Raymond got home their mom asked them where they wanted to go to eat .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what to order .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally decided what she wanted .
she had a cheeseburger french_fries a large coke and a chocolate milkshake .
the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when Lisa's mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
Raymond wakes up in the morning .
and his alarm clock didn't go off when it was sposta .
when he woke up he went downstairs to have some breakfast .
and he was looking at the clock while he was pouring his milk .
and his milk accidently overflowed his bowl .
and after he had breakfast he went to put his shoes on .
and one of his shoelaces broke .
when he was finally ready he was walking outside to catch the school bus .
but the bus had driven away without the boy .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he walked to school his teacher said you're late .
one day Lauren and Ryan were going to the park to have a picnic and play .
when they got there they saw a big alien spaceship .
and there were lots of aliens walking out of it to have their own picnic .
and Lauren wanted to go say hi to them .
but Ryan was saying no don't because they might hurt us .
they decided not to .
and they they also decided to go home and tell their parents .
when they got there all the aliens were having the time of their lives .
when they saw them having the time of their life the children were wondering if they really were aliens or just people dressed up as aliens .
and after they had gotten there they were talking to one of the aliens .
and all of a sudden there was this big flash .
and all the aliens were gone .
and so was the ship .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom said we're going out for dinner tonight and asked where they wanted to go .
they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't make up her mind and decide on what she wanted to eat .
both Raymond and the mother knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with french_fries and a vanilla shake .
the mother ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it <> came out to twelve fifty .
and when the mother went to get her purse it wasn't there .
she realized she had left it on the counter at home .
he is getting out of bed because he's gonna be late for school .
and then he's too busy watching the clock to look at where he is pouring the milk and cereal .
and then he is tying his shoe .
and the shoelace broke off .
and then he goes to catch his bus .
but he misses it .
and then his teacher is mad at him because he's late .
two kids were playing out in the park or field .
and then all of a sudden the spaceship drops down .
and the girl didn't really notice it .
but the guy did .
I don't really wanna go towards there .
he is like stop .
and the whole alien family is walking off the spaceship .
and the little girl is walking a dog .
and the mom's holding her hand .
and the dad's carrying all the luggage .
and then the little boy is coming off the ship like wait for me .
they don't even notice the two kids that were running through the field .
she wants to go see .
but the boy is :m@c not so sure about that .
and the dog is smelling for a new area .
and it looks like a park because of the picnic table and the trees .
there were a mom a boy named Raymond and a girl named Lisa .
the mom asked if they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said yes .
and she said where .
Mcdonalds they said .
and then the mom got them in the car .
and they left .
when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order .
so she stood in line .
and then when they gotta the counter she figured out what she wanted to order .
her brother Raymond wanted a cheeseburger french_fries and a milkshake .
and Lisa wanted a chocolate milkshake a cheeseburger and french_fries .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and when he he said the total was twelve fifty the mom realized she didn't have her purse .
Nathan realized that he woke up late for school .
and he said oh no and hurried quick to get his cereal .
but he spilled the milk everywhere .
so he couldn't have time to eat it .
and then he tried to get dressed really <> fast .
but his shoelace poped off .
and then when he was finally there at the busstop he realized his bus had left without him .
and then when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
it was a very bad day .
there were a boy and a girl who were at their parent's company picnic .
they were playing hide-and-go-seek when a girl named Amanda found him .
and while she was dragging him away she noticed that they had ribs at the table .
so she ran as fast as she could not noticing the weird yellow object in the distance .
after she finished her ribs she noticed a funny looking dog walking around .
it had lots of hair on it's body and a little bit on his tail but none on his face .
when the dog started to run away she tried to follow it .
and when she followed it back she found [% counts to self] four people who weren't really people .
they looked like octopuses .
and they were carrying luggage .
she didn't know when they were ever gonna leave .
but she decided we're all people .
and she left .
the end .
Raymond and Lisa +...
the mom came home and Raymond and +...
and the mom said do you wanna go to Mcdonalds ?
they said sure .
they went to the car .
they went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
and Raymond ordered a Big_Mac fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the mom ordered a salad .
and then Lisa finally decided .
and she ordered a happy meal cheeseburger and fries with a chocolate icecream .
and the cash register said that will be twelve fifty .
then the mom reached into her purse .
she remembered that she left her wallet on the kitchen counter .
one morning a little boy named Jim woke up .
and he woke up .
he fell asleep later .
he didn't wake up at his alarm clock .
and then he decided to go eat breakfast .
he was such in a rush .
he spilled everything .
and then he tried to go put on his clothes .
but his shoelace broke .
and then once he got finished the school bus already left .
he hadta walk to school .
his teacher said you're late .
and he got in trouble .
once lily and peter were walking in the park .
they started to walk toward the picnic table to have a picnic .
but when they went to the picnic table they they saw when they were hiding behind the bush a ship land .
and then they saw aliens come out .
and they were they +...
lily liked them .
peter was scared .
he made a really weird face .
and lily said let's go talk to them .
and so they went .
and they talked to the family .
they were really nice .
and they had a little dog .
Lisa Raymond and their mom were in the car .
they was going to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what to order either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
they both knew what they was gonna order .
but when they got up to the the counter Raymond said I would like a cheeseburger fries and a milkshake .
and Lisa said she wanted a Big_Mac a happy meal icecream cone and a coke .
and the mom when she reach to get her purse it wasn't there .
one day a boy named Tom woke up .
and the alarm clock going off just scared him .
and he hit his head .
he went .
and he brushed his teeth .
and he washed his face .
he went to go eat breakfast .
he ate .
he ate cereal milk .
his favorite cereal was cornflakes .
he went in his room .
and he put his clothes and shoes on .
he he wore a <> red sweater with a <> orange line in the middle .
he wore blue blue jeans .
and he wore his blue and white tennis shoes .
when he put them on he tried to tie them .
and his string broke .
so he hadta cut the other string and tie it .
he went outside to catch the bus .
<> the bus left him .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he was ashamed that he got left from the bus .
and the teacher said look you're late .
and he went in .
and he sat down .
and he didn't get in trouble for the rest of the day .
once upon a time there was two two kids playing in the woods named Eric and Danielle .
they they ran through the bushes .
and they saw a alien ship .
the aliens got out .
and and Eric and Danielle were scared .
Danielle was laughing .
and Danielle told Eric stay right here don't go .
and Eric was scared .
he said no I'm going to go back home .
and Danielle was laughing .
the aliens got out .
they had a dog .
and there was a little boy .
and there was a mom and a dad .
the dad was carrying the packages .
and the the little boy had the dog .
the dog looked looked like a sheep .
Danielle started laughing .
Danielle said let me go speak to them .
but when she heard them talk they spoke a different language .
Eric got scared .
he said no lets go .
and Danielle said no hold on .
and she went up there with the aliens .
and she got scared .
she didn't know what was gonna happen .
so she ran back with Eric .
the aliens wore funny clothes that didn't match .
they had blue dots on their purple legs .
and they had long arms .
on a tuesday night Lisa and Raymond's mother asked where do you guys wanna eat ?
they both shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then their mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mother asked what do you guys want ?
then Raymond said a Big_Mac a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and then Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
so their mother ordered before them .
and she said the salad .
and then Lisa made up her mind .
she wanted a coke a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
then the clerk said that would be twelve ninety five .
then their mother reached down to get her purse .
but then she remembered she left it on the kitchen counter in their house .
bobby woke up real late in the morning because he had stayed up past twelve last night .
he had a party .
when he was trying to make breakfast he kept looking at the clock .
and he spilled milk all over his cereal .
and it overflowed and fell on the floor .
then when he was tying his shoes he broke a shoelace .
then he hadta get another shoelace to fix it .
by the time he had done that he hadta get his backpack on and run out and catch the school bus .
but the school bus had just left .
he started running after it .
but it was no use .
so he hadta walk to school .
then when he got up the school steps he saw the principal .
and the principal said you're late bobby .
why are you so late ?
the end .
one tuesday morning Michelle and George were sposta be at school .
but they were playing hookie .
they went to the city park and were playing around with sticks and throwing rocks at each other .
and suddenly a noise in a bush nearby startled them .
they crept over to the bush and peeked through .
there was a really really weird dog .
Michelle said look at that dog .
I wonder where it came from ?
then they got out of the bushes and looked around the bush and then saw an alien spacecraft .
it had weird markings on the side .
all of a sudden aliens with twelve legs came out .
there were <> four aliens one dog .
they came out of a yellowish orange spaceship .
Michelle wanted to go over there .
but George said no .
he wanted to go back to school as fast as he could and tell the principal we were sick .
now we got better .
and go back into the school .
but Michelle refused .
she went toward the space people .
then one of the spacemen pulled out a laser gun shot Michelle .
and she turned into stone .
they dragged Michelle into the spacecraft .
and then they saw George .
they shot him too .
except this time <> this was a different gun .
and George was immediately pulled into a large blue bubble .
they were both pulled onto the ship .
and all the aliens went back into the ship took off into outer space .
and George and Michelle were never seen again .
on tuesday a boy and a girl and a mom all wanted to eat .
the mom said where you wanna go eat ?
and they all go xxx xxx Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the brother ordered a Big_Mac .
and the girl she didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or happy meal .
so she made her mind .
she got a happy meal .
and the brother got a vanilla milkshake .
and the sister got a vanilla icecream cone .
mhm .
the mom didn't get anything because she left her money at home .
and they went back and got it .
one boy named Dan realized it was eight thirty in the morning .
I'm late for school !
so he woke up .
and then he got breakfast .
while while he was getting breakfast there there was milk .
the milk had already shattered all over the place .
so he hadta do like fifteen minutes to clean that up .
and then he went to go get dressed .
and he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace snapped .
and then he got that tied .
and then he went to go to the bus .
and the bus ran without him .
and then he went .
and he walked to school .
and the principal was so mad at him he gave detention for one day .
the end .
one day Ben and Darlene were having a picnic .
when they looked up there was this big huge flying saucer .
so Ben ran away .
and Darlene wanted to stay .
she was all +...
xxx .
when the spaceship landed aliens all came out .
they had a little boy a dog and a girl .
they all looked pretty friendly .
so they talked to them and let them stay .
but Dan didn't wanna .
so he ran .
and I stayed .
and Darlene said all the rules about the world .
and they lived in the spaceship in that <> spot .
on tuesday her mother asked where do you wanna eat ?
the children <> they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
<> and when they get to the front door Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a <> Big_Mac or a happy meal .
mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
and then Lisa decided .
she wanted a happy meal with fries and a icecream cone .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
mom ordered a salad .
it cost them twelve dollars fifty cents .
but when mom reached in her purse there was no money .
she must have left it in the counter at home .
what was the boy's name ?
Raymond .
what was the girl's name ?
Lisa .
what what other characters were in the story ?
the mom .
where did they go to eat ?
Mcdonalds .
what did Lisa order ?
Big_Mac with fries and a icecream cone .
what did Raymond order ?
a cheeseburger with +/.
the boy woke up very late .
he got up for breakfast .
he poured milk in his bowl .
but he was too busy looking at the clock .
and then when he was tying his shoe his shoelace snapped .
and then when he went outside the school bus already left .
when he gotta school the teacher was was mad at him because he came really late .
that's all .
there was this boy and a girl named +...
the boy was named Alex .
and the girl was named Julie .
Julie and Alex were going to the park [% clears throat] because they left their ball in the park .
then when they got there they found the ball behind the bush .
when they picked it up a spaceship came down and aliens .
first the little dog came out .
then four alien members came .
then <> Jennifer tried to pull Alex out of the bushes .
but Alex was too scared because he thought they might hurt him .
but when she did they said we come in peace .
and and Alex pet their dog .
the dog liked it .
and then they were saying that what are your names .
the little boy said Antville .
the mom said Mary .
the dad said September .
and the uncle said December .
when they told them their names Jennifer said I'm Jennifer .
and this is Alex .
and then Jennifer showed the aliens the ball .
and and then Antville just hit the ball .
and the ball went rolling .
Antville went after it .
he says this is my dog merry_christmas .
we come from the planet Yakkah &=laughs .
we just came to earth for a vacation .
and this has been a long vacation .
Antville said will you come to see us every single day ?
then Jennifer said yes .
Alex said no he can't come .
and then they said let's go tell mom and dad what we saw .
the mother asked them where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and their mom took them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
they were ordering +...
the kid's name I don't remember .
he said I will have a cheeseburger with a chocolate shake .
and then their mother said I'll just have a salad .
and and the girl said that I will have a happy meal with a drink and a chocolate icecream cone .
but when her mother in no +...
the cash register dude said that'll be twelve dollars .
and then she said +...
she reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there because she left it at home &*INV:good on the kitchen counter .
looks like the kid's getting up from from bed .
but he looks like he's late for school .
and he's tryin(g) to rush .
and that's when he's trying to pour a bowl of cereal .
but he's getting it all over .
and and he's looking at the time .
he think he's about to be late for school .
and then he rushes to get his stuff on .
he tries to tie his shoe .
he ties the other one .
but the other shoelace breaks on his other shoe .
and then he rushes out the house .
and he was running rushing towards the bus because the bus left .
and the bus left .
and he hadta walk to school .
and it looks like his teacher or principal is standing right there .
and he's walking up the stairs .
and she's like you're almost late for school .
it's the aliens that came on earth .
and <> the girl and the boy were probably ducking down over there and looking .
the girl wants to go rush and see them .
and so she's grabbing his hand to walk over .
he's like no no no no no .
and she's like , come on , .
and they're trying to probably walk over there and say hi .
and the aliens are probably gonna say hi .
but they they're probably gonna say it's their first time on earth .
and they have a dog .
and her mom's like woah@c look at all this .
and that's it .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond's mom asked them where they wanted to go out and eat .
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
but Raymond and his mom knew .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a coke and a large vanilla shake .
his mom ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a vanilla icecream .
when the clerk told them that it was gonna cost twelve fifty Lisa's mom realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
one morning bob got up and realized that he was late and that he slept in .
when he went to go get some breakfast he spilled the milk .
and and that made him even more later .
when he was getting dressed and when he was tying his shoes shoelace broke .
and he began to get more and more mad .
and he was beginning to get frustrated .
so when he went outside to catch the school bus he found that the school bus had already left and was driving away .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
when he gotta school the principal was standing right by the door and told him what time it was .
he told her why he was late .
and the teacher and the principal thought it was okay .
one day while bill and Marge were playing on the junglegym they heard a very loud bang .
it almost sounded like something had crashed .
when they went over to explore they saw the alien spaceship had landed .
<> they were looking at it for a couple of minutes when all of a sudden the door dropped open and out came a family of aliens .
the aliens were obviously on vacation because they had bags and luggage in their hand .
Marge was eager to go and talk to them .
but bill was kind of scared of them .
when they finally agreed to go go over and talk to them they found that they were fairly friendly .
and they were pretty much like themselves .
they became friends and asked them where they lived how they came here and why they came here .
when they hadta leave they were very disappointed that they lost a couple of friends .
the aliens also were disappointed that they lost some earth friends .
they hope to see each other one day again .
but the aliens don't know if it's safe to come back .
the momma asked the children where would they like to go .
and the girl and the boy said Mcdonalds .
so mom and dad drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then their mom ordered a salad .
the boy ordered a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla icecream cone I think .
and the girl was thinking which one to <> decide a happy meal or a cheeseburger .
and she chose a happy meal with french_fries coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then xxx said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then while the mother was reaching into her purse she forgot her purse actually .
and then the dad went home and got the purse .
and then the girl actually got what she wanted to eat .
that's it .
Jonathan accidentally overslept .
he looked at the clock .
he he went to the kitchen and got some cereal .
and he looked at the clock and saw what time it was .
and he accidentally spilled the cereal .
he he went to go and tie his shoe .
but his shoelace broke .
so he went outside with an untied shoe .
he went outside .
the school bus already left .
so he hadta go to school .
and once he got there the principal looked at the time .
and then Jonathan told the whole story .
and then he went to class .
Amanda and Jonathan were going through the woods .
and as they passed through leave they saw a ship with aliens that looked like octopuses .
and there was a a boy dog and the mother and father .
and then the ship went .
and then they saw a big bench .
and then they thought that they were going to have lunch .
Amanda and Jonathan were looking and looking .
and Amanda grabbed Jonathan's arm and said let's go see .
and then Jonathan said let's go back home and tell mom .
but Amanda just kept arguing with Jonathan .
and then Amanda said you can go back .
but I wanna see what they're doing .
Amanda did see what they're doing .
and the father caught her .
and then they were speaking in a different language .
so Amanda kept saying what .
and then the father was getting angry .
and then Jonathan brought mom and dad .
and then they saw the children the dog the mom and the dad .
and then they all looked surprised .
and then the octopus mom and dad and the boy and the dog all ran as fast as they can because they never saw people or aliens like these .
the end .
mom said that they were going to eat out at Mcdonalds .
she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
once they got there the mom and dad knew what they wanted .
and Lisa didn't know what to get .
so dad got a sandwich .
mom got a salad .
and Lisa got a happy meal .
and it all came to twelve dollars .
and mom forgot her purse .
one morning the boy boy got up out of bed .
fix breakfast for him .
and it was almost time for school .
and his shoestring broke while he was tryin(g) to tie .
and then when he got ready to go the bus were leaving .
and he gotta school late .
the teacher was standing outside waiting for him .
that's all .
once there was this +/.
once there was a alien spacecraft that landed in the woods .
there was a alien family coming for a picnic .
and there was these two people in the park already .
and the woman wanted to go see the aliens .
and the man didn't wanna go .
he thought they might have capture him or make the dog get him .
that's all .
they might make the dog go after the two people .
that's it .
mhm .
on tuesday Raymond and Lisa's mom decided to go out to eat for dinner .
and <> so she asked them where they wanted to go .
and they shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and she drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but Raymond and their mom already knew what they wanted .
when they gotta the clerk Raymond asked for a cheeseburger some fries and a vanilla shake .
the I don't remember what the mom asked for .
and Lisa when she made up her mind she asked for a happy meal with coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and then the clerk added it up and said that was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but when the mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
they had left it at home .
one one day a boy named David accidentally set his alarm two hours late .
and so when he woke up he realized he was late for school .
so he ran downstairs poured his cereal .
and when he poured his milk it slipped and got all over the table .
after he cleaned it up and got dressed he tried putting on his shoes .
and then the shoelace broke .
so he hadta tie the broken one with a good one .
then <> when he got out to the busstop he missed the bus .
and so he hadta run all the way to school .
and when he got there the principal told him he was late .
one day when bill and eve were in the park they heard something very loud .
eve went running to go see what it was .
and she hid behind some bushes .
and bill followed her .
when they looked over the bush it was a u_f_o .
and an alien family started coming out .
eve went in and one of the little alien girls had a dog .
eve went to go over and say hi .
but bill stopped her because he thought something bad was gonna happen .
and so she tried pulling him along too .
but finally when eve got over there they found out that the aliens were nice .
and then they became friends .
and the aliens moved in behind their house .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond got in the car with their mother .
and they decided they wanted Mcdonalds to eat .
and so the mother said okay sure .
and <> they went to Mcdonalds .
and they got in Mcdonalds .
and they they were ordering .
and Raymond ordered a hamburger and a coke with a chocolate milkshake .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate milkshake .
and her mom ordered a hamburger with a coke .
and then her mom +...
the cashier guy said that it was twelve fifty .
and her mom looked in her purse .
and she noticed that she forgot her money on the kitchen counter .
tuesday morning Robert got up out of bed yawning because he was so tired because he went to bed late last night .
and so he went to the kitchen and was going to pour some milk into his cereal when he poured the milk it spilled because he poured too much .
so so far he felt like he was having a bad day .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was already running late .
he went to his room and tied his shoes .
but his shoelace fell off because he was in such a bad mood that he broke the shoelace .
and then he ran outside noticing that the school bus had already left .
and so he thought that he was late .
so he just started walking to <> school .
and when he gotta class his teacher was disappointed because he was late .
so he said he was sorry and went back into class .
one day Michelle and David were walking in the woods .
and they were going to have a picnic at the picnic table .
and they were walking .
and they heard a noise .
and it was kind of like a plane landing .
and so they looked around the corner .
and there was a spaceship .
and the door started to open .
and there was a family .
there was a little tiny alien a alien dog an alien mom and an alien dad that were getting out .
and they were dressed and everything like humans .
but they had squidlike legs and stuff .
and there was another alien that was saying goodbye to them .
and the spaceship was about to take off .
but Michelle wanted to go greet the aliens and find out where they came from .
and find out like who they are and stuff .
but David said no .
you never know .
they might be dangerous .
so the aliens were getting out .
and they started walking down the woods .
and they finally disappeared .
when Michelle kind of got mad at <> David for saying no .
but David said that was done for your own good .
you never know what they might do .
ray and Lisa came from school .
and her mom said tonight we're gonna go out to eat .
[<] they said where do you wanna go to eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order .
but ray and her mom did know what to order .
&*INV:mhm and ray order a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm with fries and a large milkshake .
and then her mom order a Big_Mac with fries and a large soda .
and Lisa ordered Big_Mac a chocolate milkshake &*INV:mhm and and some fries .
and the waiter said it will be twelve ninety three .
when her mom reached inside the <> purse it wasn't there .
[<] forgot it at the house .
one time there was a kid that woke up from bed .
and it was time for school .
so he got ready .
and when he put +...
[>] ?
um milk .
[>] +...
then when he put the milk for the cornflake it went all over the table .
and then when he was trying to tie his shoe his shoelaces ripped .
and then when he got ready he went outside to wait for the bus .
but the bus already left .
and then when he got there he was late .
one time there was aliens that landed in earth &*INV:mhm because it was their vacation .
and they landed in the park .
and they were ready to have a picnic .
and then those people saw them .
and then a girl wanted to go say hi to them .
but his husband said no .
and and then when they landed they took out everything .
and the people were just watching .
they came on a big spaceship .
and and they had fun .
that's it .
yeah .
and they set everything up like their room and all that [>] and slept there for three days &*INV:mhm until their vacation was over .
the end .
they said Lindsay said let's go out .
and then they went outside to go to Mcdonalds .
and then they they forgot the purse at home .
and then they hadta go back and get it .
and they ordered and got something .
I think .
the boy woke up .
and he saw the clock .
and it was late .
he was late for getting ready and stuff .
and then he was trying to make breakfast .
and the clock's ticking away .
and then his shoelace when he was tryin(g) to tie his shoe it broke .
and then when he was tryin(g) to catch the bus the bus left .
and then he was late for school .
these aliens thought they wanted a vacation .
and they've never been here before .
so they came down to visit the planet .
and they brought their pet or something .
and and they were gonna have a picnic in a park .
and they made +...
this boy tried to stop a girl from going to get them xxx xxx her .
and that's it .
<> Lisa Morty and their um +...
Lisa and Morty's mother <> asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a cheeseburger or a happy meal .
when they gotta Mcdonalds Morty ordered a cheeseburger with a coke and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal a coke and a apple pie .
Lisa and Morty's mother forgot that she left the money on the kitchen counter .
there was a boy named Michael .
one day he woke up .
and he realized that he he was gonna be late for school .
so he rushed and ate <> milk and cereal .
but he was looking at the time instead of his breakfast .
so he spilled the milk on the table and some on the floor .
he was tryin(g) to tie his shoe .
but one of his shoelaces broke off .
so he hadta go get a new <> shoelace .
so he missed the schoolbus .
and he was late for school because he woke up late .
one day there was a girl named Ashley and a boy named Joshua .
they were brother and sister .
one day they were walking walking in the forest .
and they <> saw a u_f_o flying in the air .
they went to go see <> where it landed .
so they <> hid behind a bush .
and they saw an alien dog and aliens come out of the ship .
Ashley wants go see who they were .
but Joshua didn't .
he wanted to stay behind the bush because he didn't know what they were capable of doing .
so Joshua and Ashley went back home to <> tell their mother what they saw .
but their mother didn't believe them because there's no such thing as aliens or u_f_os .
on a tuesday Raymond and Lisa's mother picked them up .
and she said that they can go out for dinner today .
and she said where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and their mother knew what they wanted when they got there .
but Lisa couldn't choose between a Big_Mac and a happy meal .
and then Raymond ordered a large vanilla milkshake .
and I forgot before .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa decided to take the <> kidsmeal or happy meal and a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and when the clerk said that it was twelve dollars and fifty cents their mother reached for her purse .
and she noticed that it wasn't there .
and then she remembered that it was on the kitchen table .
and that was it .
Sam woke up .
and he looked at the clock .
and he noticed that he overslept .
and when he got out of bed he rushed .
and when he was getting ready for breakfast he spilled it all over the place .
and he spilled stuff .
and when he was getting ready <> tie his shoes the lace broke .
and he tried to fix it .
and then after that when he was going out to get the bus the bus had just left .
and when he gotta school he was late and got in trouble .
I don't know .
one day George and <> Suzanna were walking home from school .
and they noticed that there was a flying saucer .
and then when they +...
<> Suzanna wanted to go up to the flying saucer .
but George didn't want her to .
and then the flying saucer opened .
and a family of Martians came out .
there was a mother a father a daughter and a little dog named Fifi .
they heard the little girl calling her .
and Suzanna wanted to go talk to them .
but George didn't think that was a really good idea .
Suzanna ran up to the <> Martians and introduced herself .
they actually were very nice when they gotta know each other .
Fifi was very nice and cute .
after Suzanna talked for them for about five minutes George came and started talking to them too .
and Suzanna asked them what they were doing here .
and they said that they were on vacation .
so Suzanna offered for them to stay at their house .
and they did .
when they gotta their house their parents were shocked .
but <> then after they talked to each other for a while they gotta know each other and became very good friends .
every year the Martians visited .
and they all had a very great time .
when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mother asked them they were going out to eat and where they wanted to go .
Lisa and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they drove to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what to get either a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and their mother both knew what they were gonna get .
Raymond got a cheeseburger some french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother got a salad .
Lisa finally ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate cone .
and then their mother finally realized that she when oh +...
it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and she realized that she left her purse at home .
the end .
Andrew woke up .
he found out that his clock did not ring .
he went into the kitchen to fix him a bowl of cereal .
and the milk poured all over the table .
he did not get any milk on his cereal .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and he was really disappointed .
he went to go get his backpack .
and he started running outside when he found out that the bus had just left .
and he runs after the bus until he gets to the school .
his teacher is standing outside of his classroom pointing at her watch .
and she is disappointed that he is late .
Raymond feels bad that he is late .
Dan and Laura went camping with their parents .
and they had a picnic one one afternoon .
Daniel and Laura went out to the woods to pick up things to keep .
and they came around a bush .
and they saw this huge gigantic spaceship land down on the ground .
they hid behind the bush to see what was gonna come out .
when things started coming out they saw an alien puppy dog an alien child an alien mother and an alien father .
and there was an alien spaceship driver waving good bye to the aliens .
and so Laura wanted to go over and greet them .
but Dan said no .
Laura tugged on Dan's hand to go over there and greet greet them with her .
when Laura got over there the aliens were shocked to see other lifeforms .
and Laura wasn't .
Laura invited the aliens to come and have a picnic with them tonight .
and so they did .
and their mom and dad were shocked at the sight of the aliens .
but Laura was very happy .
and they grew up to be good friends .
one day Raymond and Lisa got got home from school .
and their mother wanted to know where they wanted to eat .
so so they said Mcdonalds .
they got in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
<> Raymond ordered a hamburger and fries with a chocolate milkshake .
Lisa ordered a hamburger .
and the mom ordered fries .
the the clerk said that'll be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
they +...
Lisa and Raymond's mom went to go get the money out of her purse .
but she had accidentally left the purse at home on the kitchen counter .
what should they do ?
one day Ralph got up out of bed .
and realized he was late .
he he hurried into the kitchen to get some breakfast .
and he spilled the milk as he was pouring his cereal .
finally he was done and was running late .
as he got dressed and put his shoes on his shoelace snapped .
he hadta put on a new shoe .
by the time he get outside to catch the bus the bus was leaving .
he was late to school and asked his mom if he could have a ride .
by the time he gotta school the teacher said that he was late .
and he told her the whole story .
one day a little girl named Lucy and her brother mike went walking through the forest .
as they were coming around from the bush they saw a little spaceship .
Lisa wanted to see what it was .
mike said no and was trying to run back .
she grabbed him by his arm and was trying to go for it .
after mike stopped pulling aliens started coming out of the spaceship with their pet .
mike was real scared .
he wanted to go home and tell .
Lisa wouldn't let him .
<> once they found out about it +...
once they went up and said hello mike said let's go home now .
the aliens were scared of mike too .
just like he was scared of them .
well the aliens set up a little camp ground .
and mike tried to scare them off .
he scared he +...
the little pet scared everybody away .
Lisa and mike ran home as fast as they could to tell their parents .
their parents came with them .
but by the time they got there the spaceship was gone .
Lisa and Raymond got home in the afternoon .
and their mom was home .
and his mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and Lisa and Raymond they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
so their mom she got a uh I don't remember .
and Raymond got a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and then Lisa finally figured out what she wanted .
and she got a cheeseburger a coke and a chocolate ice cream cone .
and when the clerk said it was twelve fifty and and the mom reached for their purse and couldn't find it and remembered she had left it at home .
Jake woke up in the morning .
and he was really tired .
and he was having a bad hair day .
and he went downstairs .
and he poured too much milk in his bowl .
and it dripped on the floor .
and his mother didn't like that .
so he hadta clean that up .
and as he was getting ready for school tying his shoes his shoelace broke .
and that made him very frustrated .
and then as he was going out to the bus he missed the bus and was running after it .
and he missed the bus and couldn't get to school .
so he hadta walk to school .
and he was having a really bad day .
these two adults were walking on a trail to a picnic table while they were having a picnic .
and they were walking around .
and they heard this weird noise .
and they looked up .
and they said oh it's a u_f_o .
and one of the people said no .
it couldn't be a u_f_o .
that be a big problem because there's no such thing as u_f_os .
so as it was coming down they saw that it was really a u_f_o .
and as these eight legged octopus people were coming down the boy got really scared and was trying to go away .
but the woman liked it .
so they were trying to go and see them .
xxx xxx and see them .
and as they went to go see them the boy started to attack them .
and they went home .
and they told all their friends about it .
and all their friends said prove it to us .
so they went back .
but the u_f_o wasn't there .
there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named Ramon .
and the mother asked where do you wanna go out for dinner .
and they both said at the same time Mcdonalds .
so the mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and the mother already knew what they wanted .
but Lisa didn't .
so they ordered .
Raymond got a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla shake .
the mother got a salad .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
but finally she decided to get a happy meal and a chocolate cone and french_fries .
and then the cost was twelve dollars .
and then the mother was gonna go to take the money from her purse .
but she realized that she left her purse back at at home on the kitchen counter .
one day there was a boy named john who who +...
one day he was going to go to school .
and he suddenly realized how late he slept .
so he got up .
and he started rushing to get ready .
he needed to get dressed .
so he went downstairs .
and he was gonna pour his cereal and milk .
and he was spilling everywhere because he was so tense .
and he didn't know what to do .
so then he was gonna go out the door .
but his shoelace snapped .
so suddenly he hadta fix it .
and since it took such a long time he didn't know what to do .
so he just ran outside .
and he missed his bus .
so then he hadta walk all the way to school which took a long time .
and then when he got there his teacher pointed at her watch because he was really late .
and he said he missed his bus because he slept late and his shoelace broke .
one one beautiful foggy tuesday morning Michael and Sonia they were brother and sister .
so they woke up .
and they decided to go for a walk .
since it was summer they loved the nice breeze and the weather .
so they decided to go out to a forest just to watch and sit down and talk and enjoy the weather .
and then they hear some noises .
they hear people talking .
they hear things moving .
so they go out .
and they go behind a bush .
and they look .
and they can't believe their eyes .
they see what they think is a spaceship and aliens walking out .
Sonia couldn't believe her eyes .
she was so excited .
but not mike .
he was scared .
he thought that they might get in trouble if something happens to them .
but Sonia really really wanted to go and say hi .
but mike was holding her back .
then suddenly <> mike let go .
Sonia was about to go say hi .
but then she stopped and thought what happens if they're bad .
what happens if something does happen to me ?
you can't describe anyone just because how they look .
even if they are aliens that doesn't mean that they can be nice .
so she decided not to .
and mike was proud of her .
they both went home and forgot about the whole thing .
but every single day they went back into the forest to check if the aliens were still there .
Lisa and Raymond came home from school .
and their mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't decide between a happy meal and a hamburger .
and then Raymond got a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate shake .
and his mom got a salad .
and then Lisa decided to get a happy meal and fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
and it was all twelve fifty .
then their mom realized that she left her purse at home .
one day dale got up .
and he looked at his alarm clock .
and it was already thirty minutes past the time he hadta get up .
and so he ran to his +...
he ran to the breakfast table .
and he was looking at the clock while pouring the milk .
and he poured too much milk .
and it spilled out of the bowl .
and then he went and got dressed real quickly .
and then he tried putting his shoes on .
and then his shoelace snapped .
and then he got his bookbag and went outside .
and then right as he went outside the bus drove away .
so he hadta run to school .
and then his teacher said that he was late .
and he got in trouble .
he had a really bad day .
one day two children were coming home from school .
they decided to walk in the park and play baseball .
when they got there they saw a big yellow disk saucer thing .
on the thing there was some strange markings .
they were trying to read it from behind a bush .
and then a door opened on the saucer .
a little alien and then two bigger aliens came out .
and <> they were carrying a <> smaller alien on a leash .
the girl wanted to go out and see them .
but the boy didn't want want her to .
[^ sighs] he said that the aliens may have laser guns .
so she didn't listen to him .
and then she ran ahead and looked at the aliens .
they they took out their little laser guns .
and then she ran away as fast as she could .
and then the boy <> went to see what happened .
and then he was blasted .
and then she went home and tried to tell her dad what happened .
and when he came they were gone .
and there wasn't any markings of them left to prove that they were there .
the end .
once the kid with the r@l name and Lisa got home .
and their mother said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
they both screamed Mcdonalds .
so they got into the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
on the way there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and her mother and the kid with the r@l had decided they were going to have a cheeseburger .
they had already decided what they wanted .
when they gotta the Mcdonalds the kid with the r@l name and his mother ordered a <> cheeseburger fries and a large vanilla shake .
Lisa decided to order a happy meal <> a coke and a chocolate cone .
when the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and something cents .
but when the mother went to pick up the purse the purse wasn't there .
they had left it at the <> kitchen counter at home .
it was Andrew's first day of school .
but he stayed up all night the night before .
when he woke up it was eight thirty .
and he knew he was going to be very late .
so he hadta <> hurry as fast as he could .
he ran downstairs and tried to fix breakfast as fast as he could .
but the milk spilled .
and <> he had a bad xxx .
then he xxx tried getting dressed .
when he <> put on his shoes one of the laces had broke off it .
he hadta <> get another lace and <> put it in .
once Andrew got his book bag together and his xxx prepared he ran for the bus stop .
but it was too late .
he hadta walk all the way to school .
after a long long time he finally made it to school .
but his teacher was not happy .
it was a sunny summer day when Miranda and Alex were at the <> park were having a picnic .
they were playing games and Hide_And_Go_Seek and <> then tag .
Miranda looked up and saw something whizzing everywhere in the air .
it was <> orange and yellow .
she wondered what it was .
it started to land right near the field that was there .
Alex freaked out and hid behind a bush .
but Miranda looked to see what it was .
she saw coming out of it eight different aliens .
they were all wearing purple and had tentacles .
they also were carrying a weird dog for their pet including luggage .
Miranda wanted to see who they were .
but Alex said no way .
<> finally Miranda dragged him over there .
and they met with them .
they became friends with the aliens and .
on tuesday &*INV:mhm when the kids got home from school her mother just really wanted to go to lunch .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
so then when they gotta Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to get .
but Raymond and his mom did .
and then Raymond ordered a vanilla shake and some french_fries .
I don't know what her mom ordered .
but Lisa got some chocolate icecream and a happy meal .
and then when the clerk told them it would cost twelve dollars and something cents she realized that she didn't have her purse .
and she remembered that she left it on the counter at home .
Joe slept in late one day .
and then when he <> finally woke up he looked at the clock and decided he was gonna be late for school .
and then he hurried up .
he tried to make breakfast .
then he poured the milk .
and it spilled all over .
and that made him even later .
then when he was changing and he put on his shoes one of his shoelaces snapped .
and he just wasn't having a very good day .
and when he finally got outside he missed the bus .
and he hadta run all the way to school .
and when he finally got there it looks like his teacher is pointing at her watch and saying that he's late .
Vicky and Ryan were on a picnic with their class because they did such a good job on their essay tests .
and they got lost .
and they were trying to find their way back when they heard a strange beeping noise .
and then they looked to see what it was .
but they couldn't find it .
so they looked a little longer .
and finally they saw this really weird faked disc sort_of thing .
and they were gonna start recording it .
but then something like a drawbridge started coming down and opening .
so they hid behind the bushes and watched .
and then they saw that there's just a parent and their child .
and the dog came out .
but they weren't real ones .
they had like ten legs .
and and they didn't have any hair .
they had all these dots on their heads .
and so when they went out they looked pretty nice .
but they weren't sure .
<> Vicky thought she was gonna say hi .
but Ryan still thought it was +...
he didn't wanna do it .
but when Vicky just jumped out they happened to be really friendly .
and they talked to them .
and then she decided that she didn't want any of the other humans to find out about this race .
so they played for a little bit .
but then told them they hadta get back to their picnic before they were found out missing .
and then the aliens were sad at first .
but then they realized that no one could stay forever .
so they left in their ship .
and Vicky and Ryan went back to their trip .
okay .
when they came home from school her mother said <> we're going out tonight .
and so she asked where do you wanna go ?
and they all screamed Mcdonalds .
and so her mother drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what she want .
she either couldn't decide the Big_Mac or happy meal .
Raymond and the mom knew what they wanted .
and when they gotta the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa she ordered a happy meal with a coke and chocolate icecream .
and the cash register guy or girl asked that would be twelve dollars ninety five cents .
and she went to go to get her purse .
she just remembered she left it on the kitchen table .
and is that it ?
okay .
he woke up and had a very bad day .
should I say a title for it ?
okay .
The_Bad_Day .
he he woke up late .
and then he got very confused and just poured milk everywhere .
he he snapped his shoelaces when he was tying .
he missed the bus .
and when he came he got there just in time because he can run really fast .
okay .
one day when +...
can I make up names or anything ?
Robert called Emily over for a playdate .
and they wanted to go for a picnic .
so they went for a picnic .
and then they heard this really weird <> sounding thing .
and they went to go check .
and they saw aliens .
and Robert he said I think we should go back .
and when he started to run .
but Emily grabbed him just in time and said no let's go explore .
maybe we can be friends .
and then Robert thought this was a bad idea .
but it turned out that they were just landing and xxx .
and they were moving here .
and so Robert he got really frightened and thought that they were kill them and bring them back .
so he ran away .
and then he waited a while .
and and when he came back he saw Emily talking with the aliens .
she was laughing .
so were the aliens too .
she didn't make up a name for the dog .
well if it is a dog .
and and they made up a name .
it was called fluffy because he has a lot of fluff on him .
and so they they made friends .
and then Robert started to cry when they hadta leave .
and because in their time moving there is two hours .
and earth place when they say moving they mean stay permanent .
and so he got really mad and sad .
and so they go back .
and they try to tell their parents .
just that they don't believe them .
and then like the next next year on the same day they see them again .
and they're really happy .
and this time they stay for permanent .
and they mean permanent .
and so they just stay and have picnic .
and they asked .
they had nowhere to live because they had no real money .
so they go and live in Emily's house because she's the one that enjoys having them there .
and then they live happily ever after .
they ordered their food .
and then it was twelve fifty .
and they forgot the purse at home .
the end .
and they ate at Mcdonalds .
he's having a really bad day .
he wakes up .
and he's late for school .
when he tries pouring milk for his cereal it starts spilling out because he's looking at the clock .
when he tries to tie his shoe it shoelace comes <> off .
it snaps off .
and then the bus leaves without him .
so he hasta run to school .
and then the principal's taping her watch <> saying he's late .
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who were walking to a park .
the girl was very interested in aliens .
then when they were just about to reach the park they heard the sound of air pushing up .
when they peered out from behind a bush they saw a family of aliens and a big spaceship with letters they cannot read coming out .
the father was carrying bags .
the mother was holding a child's hand who held their dog named spark .
and as they walk out the girl wanted to run over and talk to the aliens .
her friend held her back and said that they shouldn't go over to the aliens because they might hurt us .
but she shoved him away and went out .
then the aliens abducted her .
and took out her brains .
and the boy tried to stop them .
but that same thing happened to them .
and then the aliens left back to mars .
the end .
their mother asked them where they wanted to eat .
and Raymond and the other person said they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond ordered something and a vanilla shake .
and their mother ordered salad and other stuff .
and and then Raymond's sister decided that she would have a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then their mother realized that she forgot their purse at their house .
one day Tom woke up .
and he was an hour late .
and the alarm didn't go on .
so he got ready and poured his milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
and he was running out of time .
then when he was done eating his breakfast he put his <> morning clothes on and went to tie his shoe .
but the shoelace broke .
and he was really frustrated .
and then when he went to the busstop the bus left .
<> so he went back home .
and his mom gave him a ride to school .
and when he gotta school he was in trouble from his teacher .
one day Tom and Sara went to go to a picnic .
and they saw a strange light in the sky .
then all of a sudden a spaceship came down .
and octopus people came out of it with the +...
and they looked sort of like humans with a pet that sort of was like a dog .
Tom was afraid and wanted to run .
but Sara was weird and was so excited that she ran towards the alien alien octopus people .
but when she came close they disappeared .
then they went back home and told everybody the story .
and then they were really scared .
well the mom said <> we're gonna go out to eat .
and the kids said +...
well the mom said where do you wanna go eat ?
and they they both shouted to Mcdonalds .
so they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa didn't know what to order .
Robert and the mom knew .
then Lisa didn't think the mom hadn't ordered yet .
she was the last one to order .
and so they went to the register .
he talked first .
he said I'd like to have the cheeseburger with fries and a large milkshake .
and then the mom ordered .
and she says I'll order a salad .
and Lisa said I know what I'm gonna order .
please give me a happy meal with fries and chocolate icecream cone .
the guy at the register said that cost <> twelve dollars and ninety five cents .
but the problem was the mom forgot her purse in the house on the kitchen counter .
well the way I'll put the story +...
he forgot to put his alarm clock .
and school starts at seven or something .
so he looked at his alarm clock .
he said how come it didn't ring .
so he looked in back .
he got breakfast .
he was looking at the clock .
he put <> without cutting the <> banana and put milk in it .
then he was tying his shoes .
and then a shoelace ripped .
and then he just forgot about it .
so he just ran after the bus .
he was running and telling it to stop .
and then when he gotta school the teacher was out waiting outside just in_case everybody gets in .
nobody gets late .
and then he got in trouble .
and the principal was pointing at her watch .
there .
I'll call this alien alien invasion .
okay .
I'm guessing well +...
one day two people john and Mary were walking through the forest .
then they heard this weird rrrrr@c .
and so they went to go check it out .
they saw this bright light .
that they couldn't know what it was .
so they wanted to go and check it out .
when the ship stopped they saw some aliens .
they saw a mom a dad and a alien dog .
their name was Fred bob and Jenny .
the dog was xxx .
okay .
and then Mary went went to go check it out .
but Joe didn't let her .
so they went to go look who they were .
and then they saw .
how come they have a lot of leg ?
the dog had normal leg .
but it didn't look normal .
so they <> found some weird alien writing .
and they went to go xxx tell the president .
the president didn't believe them at all .
then they went back and showed the president .
they were siting on that bench there there <> eating lunch .
the president said let's call nine one one or security or FBI or anything .
when the aliens heard him they said we come in peace .
but the president didn't believe them and said attack !
but the FBI police or government wasn't there .
so the aliens slept .
and Mary and Joe said thank god that's over .
the end .
on a tuesday their mom asked their two kids what they wanted to eat for that day .
and they said Mcdonalds !
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted to have .
she either wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then they go to the store .
and Lisa orders something .
and <> her brother orders a milkshake .
and her mom orders something .
and then the clerk says that the total is twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and then <> the mom suddenly figures out that she left her money at home .
so they do not know what to do .
one day this boy got up late and realized that he was very late for school .
so he really quickly got up and tried to make his breakfast .
but everything messed up .
and then he got ready and showered and went to tie his shoes .
but his shoelace came off .
then after he got his shoes he went outside and went for the school bus .
<> and while he was going to the school bus the school bus started to go away .
and he was late for school .
and then finally he comes to the school .
and his teacher tells him that he is late .
that's all .
one sunday morning two children named Billy and Jessica went out to the woods to play with their ball .
when they arrive at the park they see a spaceship with weird looking creatures on it .
they do not know what they are .
Jessica asked Billy what is that ?
is that a actor or some clown or something ?
then Billy says no that's not .
I think it's a alien from tv .
let's go see what they're doing .
then they go there .
they go to the spaceship to see them .
they ask what are you doing here ?
and they answer we are from another planet [% child laughs] .
they then get really scared and go back home and tell their parents .
their parents say that's hard to believe .
I don't know how you could see an alien .
that's impossible .
then the children say no but we really saw it with our own eyes .
we really saw it .
and the parents say okay let's go see if you're right .
then they all go to the park .
but the spaceship was gone .
then the children say I could have sworn I saw it .
I saw the spaceship .
it was a big one .
there was so many creatures there .
there was aliens there .
they said they were from another planet .
then the dad says well if they were here I would believe you .
but it might have been a dream .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school , their mother told them that they were going to go out tonight and where did they wanna go .
they both said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
<> as they were going there , Raymond and and his mother both knew what they wanted .
but Lisa was trying to decide between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
when they got there , Raymond ordered a vanilla milkshake , french_fries , and a cheeseburger .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa decided to get a happy meal , a chocolate icecream cone , and a coke .
but the total amount of money was twelve dollars fifty .
but when their mother reached for where her purse should have been , she suddenly remembered that she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day , George got out of bed rather a little too late for his liking .
and because of the fact that he was late , he rushed .
he wasn't really able to eat breakfast .
his lace broke on top of everything .
he just kept staring at the clock .
and when he finally got out , he missed the bus by the odd two seconds .
and he hadta walk to school which was a rather long twenty mile trip .
and his bicycle was in the repair shop .
so he couldn't ride .
his teacher was none too happy about this .
and if she hadn't been in a good mood about the projects that had been turned in yesterday , she would've given him detention .
instead , she let him off with a warning .
one day , Dana and Hugo [% child laughs] were walking .
and they were taking a picnic lunch to their favorite park bench .
but on their way , they heard this loud &=hums in other words a humming sound .
and this odd looking spaceship arrived .
and when the the spaceship landed , a door opened on the side .
and a family of squidlike aliens emerged .
with them was this odd looking thing of supposedly their impression of a dog .
and Dana wanted to go and meet them .
but Hugo wasn't so sure .
he'd been reading too many science fiction books .
so he thought they had like alien zapper guns or something .
and anyway a squid family had a picnic lunch too .
they walked over to the bench .
and they sat down .
now this got Hugo rather mad because he really wanted a lunch because Dana was his girlfriend .
and it's the whole thing anyway .
and so they just decided to go up and see if they could get their bench back .
but instead , they ended up becoming rather good friends with the aliens .
they even got some photos .
mhm .
yep .
and they also got a few other souvenirs .
&=sighs Hugo , for example , got a book and a and a squidish@n to to english dictionary &=laughs .
and every once in a while , these squid families would arrive .
and they'd have lunch because .
and only Hugo and Dana knew about them .
although they did try to tell their parents .
their parents sent them both to a psychiatrist , which was not really enjoyable .
but but they they blabbed on for which the psychiatrist lost his nerve completely .
and that's the story of the squid family .
on tuesday xxx and got home .
and their mother said that we're gonna go eat out .
xxx asked where they wanted to eat .
and the kids Lisa and Raymond said Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and went off to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa didn't know what to order +/.
Lisa did didn't know what to order when they got there between like a Big_Mac and happy meal .
and xxx the mom and Raymond knew what to order .
and so Raymond ordered the cheeseburger and french_fries and a large vanilla shake .
and her mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal coke with chocolate icecream .
okay .
they ordered .
the clerk said that'd be &*INV:okay twelve ninety seven .
and then xxx the mom realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and then it says what should they do ?
the boy woke up late .
and then he +...
looking at the clock while pouring milk .
and it spilled all over the place .
then his shoelace broke .
and then he missed the bus .
and the principal was probably asking him why is he so late .
these two kids were walking .
and then in the park .
and then they <> saw a spaceship and alien things .
they were walking .
and they saw a ship .
and four aliens and a dog and stuff .
probably like coming to camp .
and the girl started started to run but the kid grabbed her .
and +...
and he didn't wanna go +/.
he didn't really wanna go .
so he tried to stop her .
and dragging him over there .
trying to meet them .
and +...
xxx xxx xxx .
and so they went .
then hid behind a bush and watched what they were doing .
and they decided that they probably weren't really bad and stuff &*INV:okay and went to go talk to them &*INV:mhm and stuff .
