when they got home their their mom said where do you wanna go out tonight ?
they they both said Mcdonalds .
and then then they went went to Mcdonalds .
and then the girl ordered a <> cheeseburger with fries and a large chocolate milkshake .
and the other kid ordered a happy meal .
and then they forgot that she left her money on on the kitchen counter .
first this is <> when he wakes up .
and then the next one is when he spills his milk .
and then <> this one is when he misses the bus .
and then there's that one .
<> once there there was people going to the park a mom and a dad .
and then this weird ship just landed in there .
<> why was people coming out with a dog .
there were aliens .
and the dad was scared of the aliens .
and the mom wasn't .
and and the pilot waved at them .
and then there's a weird looking dog .
<> and there was a kid and a mom and a dad that had <> eight legs .
they were at the park .
the aliens got off their alien ship to the park .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there her brother ordered a cheeseburger and a supersized banana milkshake .
and her mom ordered a salad .
then then she ordered a Big_Mac happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
but <> then her mother forgot the money .
one day this boy woke up .
and he was late for school .
he was rushing through his breakfast spilling the milk everywhere .
then then he was trying to to get his shoe on .
and then he broke one of the laces .
then he missed the bus .
he hadta run to school .
and then his teacher said he's late .
one day this boy and this girl were walking through the woods .
then they saw something xxx .
then they hide in the bushes .
they saw a u_f_o with lots of aliens coming down from it .
and then the girl ran to go see them .
but the boy tried to pull her back .
but she she didn't stop .
then then when she got there the aliens saw her .
then they took her back up into space .
and she was never seen again .
mom said we are going out for dinner .
what would you guys like .
we +...
what was the other question ?
Lisa and George .
George ?
both screamed Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
the Mcdonalds's guy says hi what would you like .
Lisa was thinking a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
George wanted a a Big_Mac a vanilla shake and fries .
the mom wanted salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind and said a happy meal with a chocolate milkshake with a a fries with a chocolate icecream cone .
the guy said it shall be twelve ninety five .
mom reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she remembered she <> left it at home .
what should they do .
George the bully woke up from bed late .
so he ran to the kitchen to make a fast bowl of cereal .
but he forgot to wear underpants .
so he went back up to his room .
he hadta get dressed .
his shoelace fell off .
so he couldn't tie his shoe .
so he tried to put it back on .
but it didn't work .
the schoolbus passed .
he was late for school .
so he hadta run and run for sixty miles because that is how <> long the school is .
when he got there the teacher goes you're late .
you get f@ls on everything .
then he goes ooh man .
the end .
it was a pickleness me and my little sister Jiminey_cricket +...
Johnny you hafta retell my story .
Suzy was with me we were at the picnic <> table .
and then a spaceship flew down .
space aliens came out of it .
Suzy wanted to go out .
but I wouldn't let her .
so then I decided to let her .
then the alien family saw her and ate her .
then they go yum picnic is ready .
they ate her like a pg .
the end .
one time the mother was thinking that why don't they take their children out <> for dinner .
and they said yeah okay .
so then after that their mother went inside their room and asked them what do you wanna eat ?
and they cried out Mcdonalds Mcdonalds Mcdonalds !
then after that the mother just grabbed her car keys and then got out of the house and then get in her car and started driving .
and then by the time they gotta Mcdonalds the brother wanted a cheeseburger Happy_Meal a soda and a small vanilla <> milkshake .
and the sister ordered a Big_Mac a chocolate cone .
and maybe the mother ordered a large burger with <> fries and a large soda .
and by the time the mother wanted to reach in her wallet there was no money .
so she left her money on the kitchen counter .
this story is about a boy that hadta rush to school .
all right this story is about a boy who is sleeping and sleeping and sleeping .
he didn't even hear his clock ringing .
he's like oh my gosh !
I gotta hurry up .
so his bed wasn't made .
he was late for school .
so then after that he hadta get breakfast .
he was worried he couldn't even do anything right .
all he was thinking is about school , school , school .
he poured the milk .
so he <> poured the milk so much that lots of milk spilled out of his bowl .
he was in a rush .
he was looking at the clock instead of paying attention at the milk .
and he hadta clean up that mess and put some cereal eat real fast .
and then after that when he was done he hadta get on his clothes .
he hadta get on his pants .
and he hadta do all that .
he hadta get his bookbag ready .
he hadta get all this stuff ready .
and then when he was tying his shoes his shoelaces went crack and ripped off .
and he was all upset .
he was very late .
he hadta get another pair of shoes from this room .
and then by the time he was finished he hadta get his bookbag .
he hadta run outside .
and <> there goes the bus .
the bus <> leaves him .
so all the sudden the bus leaves .
and he says hey wait !
wait for me .
you forgot me .
and then after that when they don't hear him the bus leaves so fast that he can't even catch up to the bus .
so after that he hadta walk and walk and walk and walk .
and by the time he gotta his school the teacher was very mad , angry he he was late for big effort .
and he was in big trouble .
so the teacher hadta call his mom .
and the mom was very upset because of him being late .
and the teacher said look at the time !
and he was like : !
and that's it .
this is a story about aliens invading the world .
after that there was an alien ship coming down .
there was two people watching it , scared , thinking that whatever it is it had alien words that no one ever knew .
so after that alien ship arrived there was aliens inside that ship .
and that ship was very scary .
and they didn't know what it was .
so after that they saw <> people that had eight legs a woman dressed up , a man dressed up , and a girl dressed up .
and they said +...
oh_man what are these creatures ? [+ bch]
Jordan said oh_man .
we better get out of here .
then after Jordan said get out of here Sabria said no .
I wanna see them .
I wanna see their dog .
and Jordan said let's get out of here .
they're gonna invade us or they're gonna get us .
and Sabria said no .
I'm gonna see them .
I wanna say hi .
and Jordan is like no no .
let's go back home .
so after that they didn't go home .
and then Sabria went out of the bushes .
and then all of those aliens saw them .
and he was very worried that she was gonna get hurt .
so once she went to them the aliens were gonna get her .
so she ran and ran .
and they went home .
and they ran to their house .
and Jordan and Sabria said dad mom look !
we found aliens .
yeah I can believe you .
here we can even prove !
so parents followed the children Jordan and Sabria .
and by the time those aliens went back on the ship Jordan and Sabria didn't make it back on time .
and the aliens left .
and that's the end of my story .
when their mother came back home she asked we're gonna go out to eat .
and then she said where do you guys wanna eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they all drove to Mcdonalds .
and then when they got there they waited in line .
and Lisa wouldn't know <> what she could have .
and then when they get to the counter Lisa realized what she wanted .
Tommy wanted a I think it was a vanilla milkshake , fries , and a Big_Mac .
and their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a Happy_Meal , <> I mean chocolate cone , and fries .
it cost her twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when she opened her purse there was nothing in there .
she realized it was left <> on the counter .
what should they do ?
there was this boy named Billy .
he was just woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
and then as soon as he gotta breakfast he tried to make a bowl of cereal .
it looked like eight thirty .
and then when he got a shirt on and all his shoelace were ripped in a hole in them .
the holes in his pants his laces got through them .
as soon as he took them out and tied his shoes he went to the school bus .
and then the school bus left without him .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and then a lady looked like she was angry at the boy .
and then he walked forward to his class .
there was a boy named john Mccall and a girl and john Mccalls sister , Mckaily .
they were walking in the park .
so they would take a picnic without their family .
and then when they gotta the picnic area a strange ship came .
when the doors opened it had an alien family with a alien dog .
when they walked over and found them the boy got not excited .
but the girl got too excited to meet them .
so the girl hold him and try to run back .
but the boy push back .
but they never gotta meet them .
and the aliens looked like they were moving in to earth .
except they don't like to meet anybody else .
that's the end .
okay I don't remember the girl's name though .
so can I just say the girl ?
or the kids .
okay .
these kids their mom asked where they wanted to go out to eat after school .
and they said +...
where do you wanna +...
and they said Mcdonalds .
actually they said at the same time Mcdonalds .
and then they drove there to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Ronald ordered +...
ray I mean Raymond .
Raymond ordered a Big_Mac with a vanilla shake .
and coke I think .
and then the little girl she couldn't decide for a while .
then she decided she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate cone icecream and a coke .
and the problem was that their mom +...
and the cash register person said it would be twelve dollars .
and her mom reached into the purse .
but nothing was there .
and so they they couldn't buy the food .
okay .
this guy named Zack .
he woke up in the morning .
and he was probably running late for school .
and then he tried to his +...
he was looking at the clock .
and he tried to pour his cereal .
and then he spilled his milk and cereal .
and I think he tried to tie his shoe when he was about ready .
and it broke .
shoelace broke .
and he was running for the bus .
but it was too late .
and then the teacher or the principal saw him .
and asked why was he late .
and he said I've had a bad day .
and all that stuff .
okay .
these two friends named Daniel and Emma were walking in the park .
and then they saw this ship coming down .
and then they hid in the bushes .
and then they saw these aliens coming out .
and Emma wanted to go meet them .
but Daniel said that's not a very good idea .
so Emma went +...
but Daniel +...
and Emma grabbed his hand .
so they went to go meet them .
at first they didn't talk .
but then they started talking .
they were smiling and being really nice .
and they had a pet dog named I don't know .
named Zen .
and their daughter daughter lilo .
and they started talking and playing .
and Daniel felt more comfortable about being around them after a while .
and that's all .
[<] .
yeah .
and then they hadta leave .
and they waved goodbye .
the end .
when the kids got home the mother said hey kids !
we're gonna go <> to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and both of the kids looked at each other .
and they said Mcdonalds !
okay .
so the mother got them into the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa wasn't sure to get a Big_Mac or a Happy_Meal .
so when they went to the clerk the boy said I'll have a cheeseburger , some fries , and something like that .
and the mother I don't remember what she +/.
and Lisa said I'll have some fries , a Happy_Meal , and a coke .
so the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
so then mother reached into her purse to get out her wallet .
but she realized that she left her wallet at home on the kitchen table or was it her purse whatever .
one day Alexander woke up <> out of bed late because his alarm <> clock was broken .
so he didn't really get much breakfast .
which wasn't a help at all .
he was very frustrated because he was always getting late .
for instance his <> shoelace ripping off .
so that made him so late that he ended up missing his bus .
and when he gotta the school the principal says your late mister .
I know .
the bus driver drove away just when I was getting to the bus .
okay substitute bus driver doesn't really know that much [% child laughs] .
the end .
one day this parents said you know you kids are just <> couch potatos .
you needta get outside and rejoin the world .
you never know what amazing things lie within the world .
Lisa said yeah I bet outside of the world that's more interesting .
so their parents sent Lisa and John out on an adventure .
when they were very hungry they were gonna try to get some blueberries .
so when they were looking for some they saw a ship land .
oh yay !
now we can find some new land to live on instead of that destroyed planet .
Lisa wanted to go meet them because they never saw them before .
and she wanted to give them a nice greeting .
but brother tried to stop her .
but she went anyway .
she said hi .
hello .
I thought you said this planet was deserted ?
I thought it was .
oh .
hey get away .
you never know if they have any secret powers within them .
so they said no we don't .
but we wish we do .
oh well .
if there's other things we don't wanna take up other people's space .
so they all went back in the spaceship and left .
so the brother and the sister quickly ran home , told their mom and dad , and led them to the same place .
but when they got back there the aliens were already outside of the atmosphere .
but something dropped from their spaceship .
it was a little gold coin with chinese written upon it .
which it really was a seal of their planet which was destroyed .
the end .
and that was their only proof .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom told them to get in the car .
and they drove at Mcdonalds .
and they ordered +...
salad and kidsmeal .
and her mom left her wallet in the kitchen .
the <> kid woke up late .
and he spilled his milk .
and when he was tying his shoe <> his shoelace broke .
and when he went outside schoolbus left him .
and he was late .
the boy and the girl was having park .
and spaceship came down .
and they saw aliens getting off the spaceship .
and they had a <> alien dog .
and they thought they was moving that <> the country .
the girl wanted to go <> pet the dog .
and the boy didn't want her to .
the mom asked where do you guys wanna go ?
and they both named Mcdonalds .
so the mom took them there .
and Lisa know what she wanted a Big_Mac or a other little hamburger .
and the boy he he picked hamburger french fries and a milkshake chocolate one .
and the mom ordered hamburger pop and french fries .
and the girl Lisa ordered french fries pop hamburger and milkshake .
what's that one kind I said ?
I don't either .
then the guy said it would be twelve ninety nine .
and the mom <> reached down .
and her purse wasn't there .
instead she remembered where she put it .
it was at home on her desk .
counter I mean counter .
what's his name though ?
a boy woke up .
and out of bed .
and he looked at his clock .
and it was late .
so yeah some cereal .
and he dropped some milk all over the ground because he wasn't even looking at it .
then he put on his shoes .
and his shoestring ripped .
and then he he got out of his house and missed the bus .
and then he was late to class .
and the teacher was pointing at her time .
I don't know where to start .
the beginning of the book .
you always give me the hard ones .
I don't know .
.
<> aliens come down .
can you think of anything else [>] ?
[>] hi .
and they have eight legs !
there's a girl indian mom indian and a dad indian .
and two two normal people .
and the the girl she went to go say hi .
but the boy normal one didn't let her pulled her back said stop .
and the indians had a dog .
.
they wanted Mcdonald .
and they drive to the Mcdonald .
and the girl don't know what she want .
and the boy said I have milkshake and coke and Big_Mac and sandwich .
and mother got a salad .
and the girl said Kid_Meal and coke and milkshake .
and the man said give me twelve dollar .
and the mother said she forgot her money on her chicken table .
and and he went home .
the clock rang .
and the boy got up .
and the boy was making a cereal .
and then he was looking at the clock .
and the boy pour in the bowl .
and he made a mess .
and the boy tie his shoes .
and the string broke .
and when he got outside +...
and he was late for his bus .
then the boy walk to school .
and the teacher said you're late .
the boy said no don't go .
it probably be dangerous .
then the alien walk outside .
and the boy said it might be dangerous .
they might get you .
and um um +/.
and the alien is out of the spaceship .
and alien are waving .
they're all family gether@c .
<> and that's a mother alien a children alien a father alien and a dog alien .
the alien see lots of tree .
and they say wow it's a nice place .
and that's it .
okay .
well their mom picked them up and went home and said what should we eat ?
<> we're gonna out to dinner .
so where should we go ?
and they say Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they jump into the car .
and they drive to Mcdonalds .
but when they came inside they didn't know what to eat .
so the boy ordered a Big_Mac with a vanilla milkshake .
and the girl ordered happy meal with with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then it was twelve dollars .
and she looked in her purse .
but there was no money in it .
what it was she didn't have her purse .
and she forgot that she left her purse inside the house .
so then that's all .
frank I complete the story like by saying that he like woke up .
well one day a kid woke up .
and he got really tired .
and his clock rang and rang .
so then he got up .
and he went down to +...
well first it looks like he's having a really bad day .
and then he goes to have breakfast .
and the milk spills gets all over the place .
and his mom told him to clean them up .
so when he was done cleaning up he went to go change .
and he found his shoes .
and one of his strings broke .
so then he just left .
he said no oh well .
so then he just tied his shoes still .
<> and he went to his bus .
and his bus left .
he was late .
and then he ran and ran until he got +...
and then he tried to chase the bus .
but the bus like was too fast .
so then he got tired .
he stopped for a little bit and then went to school .
and his teacher walked outside and said that you were too late .
and he goes I'm sorry Miss_rich .
I'm having a really bad day .
and she goes well you still hafta make it on time .
and he goes okay .
so then he goes to school .
okay .
well once upon a time there was a boy named Richard and a girl named Susan that were walking to a fair when they saw a big ship coming down .
the boy said what can that be ?
the girl said what could that be .
and the boy said it kinda looks like my toy ship .
and so he's all scared .
and then right when the door opens the girl says oh cool .
and she wants her to walk over there to see this <> sorta aliens .
and he says no no no .
they go home .
and they go home .
and they tell their parents that we saw aliens .
and now this time the mom says it's pretty hard to believe .
but then the mom comes with them .
and they do see the aliens having a picnic .
so then the boy still is kinda scared .
but the mom thinks it's kinda cool too .
so the daughter and the mom go over there and say hi .
and then the aliens say do you wanna join us with our picnic .
and they say sure .
and then they say we have one more person .
and so went and they say well let him come over here .
so they went over there .
and they say are you the one that kept us in that room the whole time because he had a toy exactly like that .
and they must have like made their ship bigger .
and they came out .
like when they were done with the picnic they played around with their <> alien dog threw a frisbee .
and then the aliens left .
and then they said come back later and visit .
and they said okay .
and then they went off .
and then they went home .
hm: I guess it was one tuesday I guess that's what you said ? [+ bch]
one tuesday gosh I forgot +...
they asked their mom if they want eat it at Mcdonalds .
and when they got there they ordered .
and the mom forgot the money at home on the kitchen table .
that's all I remember .
one morning this boy woke up got out of his bed .
he went to the kitchen poured him some milk for breakfast breakfast .
and he done spilled the milk .
and he was going to tie his shoes for school .
and the strung broke .
and he was going to catch the bus .
but he done missed the bus .
and the bus was already going to school .
and he walked on to school .
and the teacher was standing right there at the door .
and he walked in the school .
this girl and this boy were walking to the woods .
saw this flying saucer .
it landed in the woods .
I think it was a <> brother alien a <> dad alien a mom alien and a brother alien and a dog .
they went to the walk into +...
and they saw these aliens .
and they were moving .
they parked the flying saucer .
and they were moving into the woods .
and so they can eat .
and the girl wanted to go talk to them .
but the boy stopped her .
she said I wanna go talk to them .
the boy said no .
and he grabbed her by the +...
and she <> grabbed him by the hand and tried to pull him over there so he can see them .
that's all I can remember .
Raymond and his sister they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and the mom asked them where do you wanna go out to eat <> today ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they got into the van .
and their mom took them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and and the girl she couldn't decide if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and then they both know what they want .
so they xxx go to the counter .
and the boy ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
and mom ordered a salad .
and then she made up her mind .
and she ordered a happy meal and a icecream cone and a coke .
and then the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and then the mom forgot her purse in the kitchen <> counter at the house .
a guy got up .
and it looks like his alarm clock didn't go off or wake him up in time .
so he rushed to get xxx and started looking at the clock .
and he started to overflow his cereal .
and when he went to get dressed and get his shoes on his shoestring snapped .
and then when he got outside he looked ready and stuff he missed the bus .
and when he when he finally gotta school the teacher said you're late .
so xxx .
so he tried explaining to her what happened .
and then she just told him to take his seat .
a boy and girl were walking on a trail and walking on a trail that they had known for a long time .
and they were walking on it .
and the girl Chelsea she saw these creatures that they'd never seen before .
and and the boy Thomas he's been on this trail hundreds of times .
and he's never seen these xxx people .
Chelsea she went to run and meet them .
and Thomas was holding her back .
so she wouldn't .
the people that they saw were aliens .
were going for a picnic .
and the girl Chelsea .
and she went and greeted the aliens .
and they sat down and had lunch together .
and then Thomas and Chelsea went back to their parent's house and said you know that trail that we've always been on before ?
that xxx .
and they said yep .
and xxx said yeah .
and they said they saw aliens .
so they took them back to the trail .
and they were gone .
their mom said we'll go to Mcdonalds .
and they all did stuff .
and then they didn't bring the purse .
yes .
the boy was late for school .
he was getting dressed .
he was getting late for school .
and he was walking down the sidewalk .
he he tried looking for the bus .
and he got in late .
the family is getting out .
then they were getting ready .
and they were going to work in school .
the boy and the girl ordered +/.
they went to Mcdonalds .
and the boy <> ordered a hamburger and fries a milkshake .
and the girl <> ordered a happy meal with a small coke and a vanilla icecream cone .
and her mom ordered salad .
but when they gotta the register the guy said you needta pay me twelve dollars and eighty seven cents .
and she said oops I forgot my money at home .
when the boy got up he he knew that he was late for school .
and he was very very tired .
and he poured his cereal .
and he was trying to pour the milk .
but it spilled all over the table .
and he didn't clean it up .
and looked at the clock .
and he knew he hadta get his tennis shoes on .
but the tennis shoe laces broke .
so that's why he can't tie his shoe .
so then he got his backpack on .
and the schoolbus was waiting for him .
but the schoolbus left .
and he's like wait up wait up .
and it looks like the principal is standing outside saying you are late .
and he's walking up there frowning .
he might miss some school work or get in trouble or xxx give his mom a call .
well there <> these octopus .
they look like alien .
and they just arrived from their special ship .
and this guy's like no no what are you doing ?
but the it looks like the mom wants to go meet them .
and the lady's hi waving and stuff .
and it's like a spaceship .
and it looks like they're from outer space .
and they look like they're just going to move here .
and they have a dog .
and it's a sunny day .
when when they both got back from home their mother asked what do you wanna go out ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and they drove to the nearest Mcdonalds that they could find .
then they told what they wanted .
but the problem was that the mother can't find her wallet .
once there was a boy .
he went to school .
but his alarm clock banged his head .
xxx .
the alarm clock ringed .
and he bumped his head on the ceiling .
and then he was too busy looking at the clock .
and he forgot about the milk and the cereal .
and then he was in a rush and tieing his shoe .
but it broke .
so he ran there .
and he went to the bus but it missed .
and the teacher said that you are late for school .
once there was two people walking to the park , a boy and a girl .
when they were walking a ship came down and landed .
and it opened .
and they were right behind the bush because they were scared .
and the girl wanted to go away and say hi to them .
but he was too scared to ask .
then when they looked at them they got on the ship .
and they ran .
and they were aliens .
and then they just xxx .
maybe they might just take a picture of them .
and maybe then they tell their parents about it ?
they were hungry .
mom says where do you wanna eat ?
and they yell Mcdonalds .
so that the kids hopped in the car .
and the mom drove the nearest Mcdonalds .
so they went in there .
but the girl didn't know what she want a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
but <> her brother her mom know what they wanted .
and she decided that she wanted a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
and that's all I remember .
the mom forgot her money .
Billy hadta go to school .
and it was eight thirty .
so he got some breakfast .
he ate it all .
but he made a mess .
his mom said clean it up .
so he did .
and he ran to his room .
he was tying his shoelace .
but it broke .
then he got his bookbag and went out the door .
and he missed the bus .
so he went after it .
so he walked to to the school .
so when he got there his teacher was standing at at the door .
and she said look whats time it is .
it's ten o'clock .
you're late .
you got detention after school .
so he went in there looking sad .
James and Molly went to the park .
and when they got there they see something in the sky .
Amy yelled a u_f_o .
so they hide behind the bush and start looking .
and there was the aliens coming out a boy a girl and a father and a dad and a dog .
and Molly ran home and saw her brother .
they tell their mom .
but their mom didn't believe it .
so she said you are lying .
so go to your room and stay in there the rest of the day .
Lisa and Raymond and their mother were sposta go out to dinner .
and the mother asked where they wanted to go .
and they both shouted out loud they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and when they went to Mcdonalds Lisa couldn't <> decide what she wanted .
if she wanted a kid's meal or a Bigger_Mac .
and Raymond and his mother <> knew what they wanted .
and Lisa went first .
she said she wanted a kid's meal with a chocolate cone .
and Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with french fries and a large vanilla shake shake .
and the mother wanted a salad .
and the clerk said that it costed twelve ninety five .
and when the mother reached inside her purse her purse was lost .
and she forgot that it was on the kitchen table .
Billy one day woke up from school .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was running late .
he was rushing to school .
and he was looking at the clock at the same time .
and he spilled the milk .
meanwhile as he was getting dressed he snapped his shoelace in two .
and then when he walked outside he was late for the school bus .
when he reached the school the teacher was waiting outside and said he was very late .
one day Brian and Raquel went to the park to have a picnic .
and they saw this u_f_o .
and Brian said there is no such thing as a u_f_o .
and then she said yes it is .
because it's landing .
and they saw aliens with a family coming out to have a picnic also .
and then Brian tried to take Raquelle back home to go tell everybody what they saw .
she took his hand and took him to say hi to the aliens .
Molly <> couldn't make up her mind <> with what she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
and the boy couldn't decide where he wanted to go ?
and that the mom left her purse at home .
and when they were getting ready to go out they decided what they wanted .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and Lisa got a kidsmeal with a coke and fries but not not a coke a icecream cone or chocolate with a chocolate .
and the boy ordered a Big_Mac with fries and a milkshake .
the mom <> ordered a <> salad .
and the price was two dollars and five cents .
and that's all I know .
can I make up a name ?
okay .
nick was in bed .
and his alarm clock went off too late .
so he rushed downstairs .
and he overflowed the milk from his bowl .
and when he was done with his cereal he went to go get his clothes on .
and when he was tying his shoes the string <> broke .
by the time he was out and ready the schoolbus had left his house .
and when he gotta school the principal was very mad at him because he was late .
Nicky and and his sister <> were riding on a trail .
and they saw a spaceship .
and they saw aliens coming out of it .
so his sister starting running to the aliens .
and Nicky <> tried stopping her .
but she couldn't stop .
so she kept running .
and the aliens started waving at her .
and his sister thought the spaceship was going to Lisa who was going to get on it .
and Nicky was going to hafta run home and tell his dad and mom that Melissa went on a spaceship that had aliens on it .
and so his dad and mom started running back to that spot .
and they didn't see the aliens or the spaceship .
so his parents said you must be full of it .
and then Nicky <> tried to tell them no I'm not .
and then the spaceship came back and Nicky Melissa was was and the alien like them .
but Nicky didn't know that .
so he ran home and got his parents .
and his parents came .
and they saw the aliens .
and his parents said okay tell me which one of them is Melissa .
and and Nicky said I don't know which one is Melissa .
all I know is that she went on a spaceship and went up to the sky .
and his parents said ooh let's just go home and have dinner .
so they left Melissa with the aliens .
Lisa wanted a happy meal a icecream cone .
and and a boy wanted a cheeseburger .
so they didn't have any money .
so they ordering man said its fifty cents and .
uhhuh .
first he got up .
then he got dressed .
then he ate breakfast .
then he went to school .
and after that he got home .
[ he gotta school .
he hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] to walk to school .
and now he was there .
one day there were kids there .
and then they they were outside .
and they saw this really really +...
they look like the <> octopus .
but they're not but see um .
they look like +...
because they were on this really really +...
they were at the astronaut or or an airplane .
so so then then <> there was a goat .
and the the kid hold the leash .
and they were all smiling <> but him .
then those kids were acting probably rude or something .
and so then they were they got back .
and that girl did this .
and the little kid was looking like they said hi to the goat .
so +...
no .
on tuesday Lisa and Raymond their mom told them that they were gonna go out tonight .
and she asked where do you wanna go ?
and the kids answered Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and she was deciding between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered cheeseburger , a large vanilla vanilla shake , and french fries .
and the mother ordered a salad .
and the mother reached down to get the purse .
and it wasn't there .
and so that's it .
[^ child whispering] Joe <> woke up one morning .
and he looked at the clock .
and it was half past nine .
and he poured cereal and poured a lot of milk .
and <> he spilled it .
and he was still looking at the time .
0 .
and he got his clothes on .
and then all of a sudden his shoelace broke .
and then he got his backpack .
and then he tried to catch up with the bus because it already left .
and he was late .
and the principal was waiting for him .
and she was pointing to her watch and saying you're late !
and he walked to the classroom with a tardy slip .
one day Mary_jane and Raymond went over to have a picnic with their family .
and they went through the woods .
and then they saw <> this spaceship that had some weird writing on it .
they couldn't understand it .
and then they saw aliens come out .
they had a lot of legs .
and they had a pet dog or whatever it is .
and Raymond said let's go let's go .
and Mary_jane said no let's go .
and then Mary_jane went over to the aliens and said hi .
and then the aliens started attacking them [% child laughs] .
and then she ran off .
and she screamed .
and then they went to tell their parents .
but they said they had proof .
and then they they brought their parents back .
and the spaceship was gone and same with the aliens .
and after they told their parents they forgot everything what they saw .
