I don't remember about xxx .
eight I don't remember about the story .
what happened to the boy and the girl in the story ?
they wanted to get their food .
but they didn't get to have it .
yeah .
once upon a time a boy woke up in his bed .
and then his head was hurting because he bumped his head on a clock .
and after that when he was making breakfast he spilled all of his cereal .
no .
when he was trying to tie his shoes the shoelace broke .
then after that when he missed the school bus he hadta walk to school .
uhhuh .
one day when this girl and his dad were walking to a picnic then they saw this big spaceship .
and there was these aliens coming out of it .
and the daughter was very very upset .
she wanted to go over there and play on the monkeybars and all the things to play .
but his dad didn't want her to because the aliens might catch her .
uh that's how much I can think .
what's next ?
then her dad runs over and grabs her .
and then they run away .
their mother said we should go out to eat tonight .
and the kids wanted to go .
and they picked Mcdonalds to xxx .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't make her decision .
so Raymond made his decision a cheeseburger fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother made <> her decision a salad .
and Lisa wanted a happy meal and a chocolate icecream cone .
but it all cost twelve dollars .
and the mother remembered that she left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
[^ sighs] I had a big problem on that one .
first the boy woke up out of his bed .
and his alarm clock was on .
and he turned it off .
and he wasn't ready .
and he had a certain amount of time to get to school .
and once he got downstairs he still wasn't ready .
and the time was going along fast .
so when he put on his clothes and shoes he broke his shoelace .
and then he went outside and missed the school bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher was pointing at her watch because he was late .
okay first the family was on a picnic .
and a big rocket um um +...
can I just call it a rocket because I forgot what it was ?
and a big +/.
a big rocket came down from the sky .
and the girl saw what came out of the rocket so she wanted to go see .
so she grabbed the boy's arm and wanted to take him .
but the boy didn't wanna go because he was afraid .
and the aliens wanted some fresh air and stuff .
so they went on a vacation to this place to get some fresh air and have a picnic and to walk their dog and stuff .
the girl really wanted to see the aliens .
but the boy didn't .
so he told the girl no let's not .
but the girl was so excited she grabbed his hand and took him .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
so the girl wanted to go but she couldn't .
I like that .
that the alien mother was holding the boy's hand that was holding the dog's collar .
and the dad was holding all the gear that they took from their planet to this planet to have a vacation .
so they went on a picnic here .
and they wanted a bunch of fresh air .
and the alien inside the rocketship was working on her computer .
so the little boy wanted to walk his dog while his big sister was doing that .
so his mother grabbed his hand and they started to walk .
the end .
Lisa and the other one were in the car with their mother .
and they were driving home and talking about eating at Mcdonalds .
and then they went there .
and Lisa ordered a chocolate milkshake and and a kidsmeal and some coke .
mhm .
once upon a time there was a little boy named Jed .
and he woke up slowly and walked downstairs to the kitchen and poured some cereal .
and then after he finished eating he went to go tie his shoe .
and his shoelace broke .
and he got late for the bus .
and he hadta walk to school .
and he was late for school .
once upon a time there was a boy named Jed and a girl named Marsha .
they went for a walk .
and then when they gotta the park on their walk they saw some kind of ship .
and then they saw a door open .
and Jed got scared .
and so Marsha wanted to go .
but Jed tried to stay .
but Marsha pulled him along .
and they saw a alien dog and a alien girl and a alien mother and a alien father .
and the other alien inside was waving .
the end .
on tuesday the kids came back from school .
they told their mom .
then they shout can we go to Mcdonalds .
and +...
they forgot the money .
and the girl wanted <> chocolate shake .
the girl wanted a a vanilla cone icecream .
that's all I can remember .
and then they went in the car .
and then it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the kid woke up .
then he he saw the clock .
then he spilled the milk .
and then he tied his shoe .
he missed the bus and gotta go back home .
there's octopuses .
and there's the girl and a guy .
there's a octopus in the spaceship .
and there's a dog .
there are trees .
then there's a table .
and then there bushes .
then there's clouds .
no .
the grass .
[<] the clouds &*INV:repeats the branches leafs people octopuses xxx octopuses saying bye .
I don't think I remember any of it .
okay I can't remember how it started .
but there were two kids .
they wanted to go out for dinner .
their mother asked them where they wanted to go .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and the boy ordered a vanilla milkshake a hamburger and I forget what else .
the mom ordered a salad .
and the girl ordered a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
but it was twelve dollars and something cents .
but then they couldn't get it because their mother had forgot their purse at home .
what I would call this story is a very bad day .
he woke up .
his alarm clock was too loud .
it hurt his ears .
secondly he spilled his milk when he was pouring his cereal .
when he was tying his shoe he broke a shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
it looks like eight thirty in this picture .
two friends went to play at the park .
but then one of them saw something .
he pulled the other one down behind a bush .
and he said look over there .
and then they looked .
it was a big spaceship with aliens .
the end .
their mom asked we're going out to dinner tonight where do you wanna go ?
and they <> yelled Mcdonalds .
okay kids I think she said .
and Lisa had a hard time deciding .
and then she was trying to decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
then Raymond and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a vanilla shake .
and then she remembered that she wanted a happy meal with a coke and an chocolate icecream .
and their mom wanted a salad .
and then the man said that will be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and then her mom went to get the money .
and she remembered that she left her pocketbook on the kitchen counter .
that's all I remember .
what should I call the boy xxx xxx um ?
I'll call him Jeb .
Jeb woke up late in the morning .
he spilled his milk .
he had a really bad day to start .
his shoelace came off .
he missed the bus .
he gotta school .
and her teacher was kinda mad at him .
that's really it .
Lisa and john one one day went to a park having lunch and fun together .
and later in the afternoon an alien invader ship came down and took away their xxx .
they got scared .
but one wanted to go <> check it out .
then they looked at their xxx and all .
and they look like octopuses .
and they had a big ship looked like those japanese letters .
and they have a dog that looks like a cat put together .
and the end .
one tuesday uh I kind of forgot that whole stairy story .
they jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
once there was a boy .
he woke up by the alarm clock .
then he turned it off .
when he was getting cereal he poured milk all over the place .
when he was going to eat breakfast +...
then when he was going to tie his shoe his shoelace broke .
and the bus <> left before him .
and the teacher said you're late !
once there was a big huge round thing on the ground .
and then people are looking .
a girl <> named Rachel saw some aliens come out and an alien dog with no eyes .
this boy named bob he was scared .
no oh duh .
the end .
on tuesday when the kids got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
then they went to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa ordered a happy meal .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the boy ordered um : +...
I don't think I don't know .
and then it costed twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but her mom reached for her purse .
it wasn't there .
and then she she thought she left it at her kitchen table .
a boy woke up .
and he went downstairs to get some cereal .
and then he tried to tie his shoelace .
but his shoelace broke .
then he got outside .
and the school bus started leaving .
then he hadta <> walk to school .
and when he gotta school it was late .
an alien ship landed on the earth .
and there's a boy and a girl .
and there's aliens coming out_o(f) the alien ship .
and then the girl wants to go over see them .
and the boy <> looks like he's saying no don't go over .
and the girl's pulling him over to there .
and there's aliens and the earth .
I forgot how to start off .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and her mother said they're going out tonight .
and they left .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa was looking at the order .
and the brother and the mom <> already figure out what they wanted .
and Lisa was still deciding .
and then the brother said I'll have a a vanilla shake and fries and a cheeseburger .
and the mom said I want a salad .
and finally Lisa made made up her mind .
she she got a a chocolate cone .
she got a french fry and a and a happy meal .
and then the person at the table said it was twelve ninety nine .
and then when her mom was gonna reach into her pocketbook she said it wasn't there .
and then she said I think I left it at the kitchen table at home .
I better go get it .
one day jack came out of bed .
and he hurt his head .
he had a headache .
and he turned off his clock .
and then he went downstairs .
he was looking at the clock .
he was looking at the clock of the kitchen when he was gonna make him cereal .
he poured the milk .
and the milk was going everywhere .
and then he hadta go to school .
he tied his shoes .
but one of his shoelaces broke .
and he got really mad .
and then he ran out to the bus .
but the bus <> left him .
he didn't see him .
and I +...
he hadta walk to school .
and then he was at school .
and then <> her teacher's like you're late again because you didn't use the bus .
okay .
one day a boy named Ariel and Sarah .
they were taking a walk in the woods .
and then they heard a big boom on the ground .
they went to see who it was .
Sarah was a brave girl .
she liked to do adventures .
and Ariel <> was a scaredy-cat .
and then they saw four aliens a mom a dad a sister and a brother and a dog .
they said what are those things .
they read the sign up on the spaceship .
and it said aliens .
then they ran home .
and they told their dad and mom .
we saw four aliens and a dog .
and then then they showed them .
and then the spaceship was there but not the four aliens .
the end .
one day Lisa Raymond and Raymond's mom they were at home .
and the mother of them said that they were going out to eat .
and their mother asked <> where did they wanna go .
and they both wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
and Raymond and his mom knew what to get for themselfs [: themselves] [* m:=s] .
and when she got up to the counter Lisa said she wanted a cheeseburger happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and Raymond wanted a cheeseburger a vanilla milkshake and a coke .
and that's all I remember .
once there was a boy who was late for school .
and he didn't know if he was late .
and he was still in in his pajamas .
he went downstairs .
he got his breakfast .
and when he got ready his shoe came untied .
it snapped right off .
and he missed the bus .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and he felt really sad .
one morning two teenagers went to the park to to explore for a bug hunt .
and when they got there something landed on the ground .
and a little door opened .
and aliens came out with a pet donkey .
Richard said he was scared .
he made a scared face .
Michelle saw that they were pretty nice .
she went over to see them .
when the aliens got out they looked like they were heading straight for Richard .
and there were a few more people who were coming .
they had suitcases with them too .
they looked like aliens with purple dots on them .
I forgot the first part .
they wanna eat at Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't remember what to order .
um I forgot the other parts .
mhm .
the boy was waking up .
and he went to get a glass of milk .
he went to tie his shoe .
and then it broke .
and then he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
some kids were walking in the woods .
and they saw a thing in the sky .
and then it landed .
and then they went over to see .
and then they stopped and looked at it .
and then it was aliens .
and then she wanted to go over .
and the boy said no .
one day Lisa and +...
(17.) forgot what his name was .
(8.) forgot what they said after that .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and their mother let them .
and the mom forgot the money at home .
when they were in the car Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a hamburger happy meal .
but she decided when she got there that she wanted a hamburger happy meal .
and the mother forgot the money at home .
one day a boy was sleeping .
and his alarm clock rang .
he was holding his head .
he got out of bed and went down for breakfast .
he accidentally poured too much milk .
and it went all over the place .
he looked at the clock .
it was almost time to get ready for the bus .
he went upstairs and got dressed .
he brushed his hair brushed his teeth .
and then he <> put on his socks .
and then he put on his shoes .
and then when he was tying his last shoe he broke the <> shoelace .
he just was too angry this morning .
he got on his bookbag and ran out .
he was too late .
the bus already left .
he walked and walked and walked and walked .
then when he gotta school the teacher said you're late and go inside and everybody else is doing math hurry up !
one day there was a boy and girl walking through the forest .
they went to the park .
but they saw something .
it was a spaceship .
they saw these weird things come out .
they were purple .
and they had blue polka dots .
there was a weird thing that the little girl was carrying .
they were aliens .
it was an alien dog .
the girl said hi .
how about we go and meet them .
but the boy stopped and said no .
they could be dangerous .
and they could probably take you back .
maybe they are here to take people back to earth .
and maybe they are going to destroy earth .
that was just a pretend rocketship that they made .
and it was really some of their +...
maybe their mom and dad trying to scare and the little kids were .
maybe they had little brothers and sisters .
and maybe the big people were their friends .
one night after school Lisa and Raymond +...
no .
their mom asked Lisa and Raymond if they wanted to eat out .
and they both said Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Raymond ordered fries a Big_Mac and vanilla shake .
Lisa ordered fries a happy meal and an icecream cone .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and then the clerk said it was twelve ninety nine I think or ninety eight ninety nine or ninety eight .
and then their mom realized that she left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
one morning when Matt woke up he looked at the time .
and he was really late .
so then he made his bed .
and he went downstairs .
he poured some cereal .
but then he realized the time .
and he kept pouring the milk in the bowl overflo [: overflowed] flowed with milk .
then he got dressed .
he combed his hair .
and then he put on his shoes .
and he tied his shoes .
then when he was tying the other shoe his shoelace snapped .
then when he fixed it he put on his backpack .
and then he ran outside .
but then when he ran outside he saw the bus was leaving .
and he ran trying to catch up .
and he tried to stop the bus .
but the bus driver couldn't see him .
then when he gotta school the principal was out at the door .
and the principal was very mad at him because he was late .
and then when he went to class everybody was already doing their <> work .
the end .
one day Matt and Andrea went to the park on their bike .
when they parked their bike they went down a path to where the picnic tables were .
then they heard some sort of crash .
so Andrea went to go see it .
and Matt didn't wanna because he didn't think it was such a good idea .
then Andrea took his hand and made him run wherever they heard the sound .
then when they went to see it they saw a dog that looked very weird .
and a mom a teenager or a mom and a dad they didn't know and a little girl .
and they each had eight legs .
they were like octopuses .
just they had <> eyes and mouths and arms .
and they had a dog .
and they stood up on ground .
and they wore clothes .
and and they saw the humongous ship they came down out from .
and they were very surprised and scared .
then the aliens spotted them .
and then the aliens were like hello earthling .
and they asked do you wanna have lunch with us ?
and Matt was very afraid .
and he almost ran away .
and Andrea said <> sure we would like to have lunch with you .
and then the aliens went back into their ship and got some food .
and when the mom was making the lunch Andrea and Matt helped set up the tent with the little girl .
and then after that they played with the dog and the little girl .
and then when the lunch was ready they came out with something that smelled very good but didn't look too good .
and then Matt and Andrea ate it .
and they said it was delicious .
and then the aliens went back into the ship and said goodbye .
and the little girl helped take down the tent .
and then they went back into the ship with the little dog too .
and then they took off .
and then they kept seeing them every summer .
the end .
came back every summer .
the end .
their mother said we're gonna go out to eat .
and then their mother she asked them where do they wanna eat .
and both of them yelled out Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped in the car .
and they left .
and then they were ordering their food .
and the little girl she couldn't decide what she wanted .
and then when she gotta the counter she knew what she wanted .
she wanted a cheeseburger french fries and coke and chocolate icecream .
and then her mother wanted salad .
brother wanted +...
yes .
when she looked it up they said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when she looked in her purse she left her money at home .
the little boy he woke up .
and he wasted some cereal .
and he wasted a lot of milk as he was looking at the time .
and then he was tying his shoes .
and his shoelace thing broke .
and so he missed the bus .
and he was walking to school late .
he gotta school late .
there was a boy and a girl .
they peeked out the bushes .
and then the girl she saw aliens .
and then she was going to go out and see all of them all the way .
and then the girl she grabbed her hand and said come on was pulling him .
and she said stop .
and then the aliens they was just coming from outer space .
five and they was happy .
xxx Lisa and Raymond went home .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go .
and they yelled Mcdonalds .
and and they went to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the counter .
and Raymond ordered a chocolate milkshake and a hamburger .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and (3.) Lisa ordered a (5.) Happy_Kids_Meal .
and it was twelve dollars .
oh .
and then the mom forgot their purse at home .
he fell asleep .
and then his alarm clock didn't wake him up in time .
and then when he went downstairs to get breakfast he spilled it all over the place .
and he was in a rush .
and then he tied his shoes .
and they were like +...
and then a shoestring snapped off .
and then he put on his bookbag and ran at the school bus .
and he was too late for the school bus .
and he was late for school .
there was a ship .
and it landed .
and all these aliens started to come down .
and a boy and a girl started to run .
well the boy was scared .
and the girl wanted to see them .
and the girl was gonna run right into the aliens .
and the boy thought that they were gonna do something to them .
and the boy was scared about aliens because he never saw them before .
six and there was a dog with hair .
I think it was a dog .
and it +...
yeah .
they had eight legs .
and the girl almost took the boy his hand and ran into the aliens .
five and the ship went back up .
mm .
then they got lost .
mm .
no .
they ran back home .
two (21.)and it was a dream .
twenty two it was tuesday .
they went out to eat .
and they got hamburger happy meals .
I forgot .
twelve he first woke up .
and he couldn't turn off his alarm clock .
he spilled the milk .
he broke his shoelace .
and <> he was late late to get the bus .
and he gotta school late .
yeah .
a boy and a girl went out and found a trail .
and once they +...
and while they were going they saw something yellow flying down .
and they gotta the end of the trail .
they saw some aliens .
the girl wanted to go back and go and get (8.) &=sighs something .
but the boy didn't wanna go .
he said wait .
eight that's all I can think of .
one night a boy and a girl and their mom went home .
then their mother said where would you guys wanna go for dinner ?
and then the boy and girl wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
then they went in .
then when they got inside they wanted to tell the order man what they would like to get .
the girl wanted to get a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and some coke .
and the mama wanted some salad .
and the boy wanted a hamburger and some french fries and some coke and some chocolate milkshakes .
but the mommy didn't know where her money was .
so the mother said oh no I I forgot it at home on the kitchen table .
we better go back and get it asked the boy and the mommy and the girl .
so they went back home .
they get it .
then they went back to Mcdonalds to get their food .
the end .
one day was a boy .
he woke up .
but he was late for school .
he was getting his clothes <> on .
and then he woke up for breakfast .
but he spilled all the milk .
and then he quickly got his shoes on .
then he tried to catch up to the bus .
but it went away .
then he gotta school .
and then teacher was mad at him .
the end .
one day there was a sky in outer space .
but then the alien ship flew down .
and then when the father and girl came they saw the worstest aliens ever .
they walked walked with big scary teeth .
and they had weapons with them going to gobble up people .
but then the little girl wanted to meet them .
but the father said no !
you'll get destroyed !
so then she ran over to destroy them .
and then they got destroyed .
then they were safe .
and there was sky blue sky blue sky blue sky .
and there was green green green green .
and bushes bushes and brown brown and yellow yellow .
<> aliens from outer space <> octopuses daddies girls and sky clouds all xxx .
and there was trees .
that's it .
xxx and xxx xxx .
xxx xxx xxx mommies and babies dogs aliens spaceships .
and that's all .
I don't know the story .
that their mom forgot the purse .
and that Lisa ordered one milkshake and a coke and a cone and a hamburger .
and that it costed twelve dollars and fifty cents .
they they were at home when they both said that they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
Jake woke up in the morning .
he spilled milk because he wasn't looking .
and then he went to tie his shoes .
and his shoes broke .
so he couldn't tie his shoes .
and then he missed the school bus .
so he couldn't go .
and his mom hadta drive him .
and you got late for school .
and then his teacher sent him to the office to get a late slip .
once upon a time there was two kids named jack and Emily .
they both were getting off of the blimp .
but then their mom and dad didn't get off .
and the blimp left without them because they were sposta stay on .
but they got off .
and then they hadta walk all the way .
and they couldn't find their mom and dad .
and then people came off and helped them .
and they went home with them for a couple of days .
and then they tried to find their house .
and when they found their house they just stayed there and waited for their mom and dad to come .
but their mom and dad were gonna be there in two weeks .
so they hadta go shopping by theirself [: themselves] .
and do everything by theirself [: themselves] .
then +...
then they kept staying there until their mom and dad got home .
Lisa and Raymond got back from school .
and their mother asked them where do you guys wanna go out to eat ?
Raymond and Lisa shouted out Mcdonalds .
they jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa bought a kidsmeal .
and Raymond bought a cheeseburger with +...
and their mom bought a salad .
and that's all I can remember .
Denver woked [: woke] [* m:+ed] up .
and he looked at his clock .
and he got dressed .
he went downstairs .
he poured himself a bowl of cereal .
and he tied his shoe .
and he missed the bus .
and he walked to school .
the spaceship dropped .
and the the aliens comed out .
and they took their dog .
and it looks like somebody's waving back to them .
and she's waving to them .
and the boy's holding her back .
and she's trying to run .
that's all .
once there were <> a boy and a girl .
their names were Lisa and Raymond .
when they got home from school their mother told them we are going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
so they ran and hoped in the car .
and they were on their way to Mcdonalds .
Raymond and their <> mom both decided what they wanted already .
but Lisa did not know .
then she finally made up her mind and told the clerk .
I wanna happy meal with a drink please .
and then the clerk said that'll be twelve fifty .
and then her mom reached to get her purse .
and she did not have the purse .
it was on the counter at home .
what should they do ?
there once was a boy getting up out of bed .
his clock started ringing .
he shut it off went downstairs and had breakfast .
he poured the cereal then the milk .
but the milk spilled and made a mess .
then he went to put on his shoes .
the shoestrings broke .
so he tried to fix it .
after that he put on his sneakers .
and he went to the busstop .
the bus was already gone .
he hadta go chase after it .
and pretty soon the teacher said he was late for school .
there once were two children named Melissa and Corbin .
they were hiking on a mountain once .
and they saw something in the sky .
it landed close to them .
they ran behind a bush and peaked .
0 .
Corbin was a scaredy-cat to see .
Melissa was brave .
so Melissa pulled Corbin .
but he stayed still .
he would not go .
then it opened .
all of the sudden a family was coming out a girl alien a dog alien a mother alien a dad alien .
and a brother alien was still in the shuttle .
the dog was sniffing them and went towards them .
they saw them and they were scared .
they said what do you want with us ?
nothing .
we just came to visit your planet .
we're not trying to take anything .
a couple days after that they were robing stores .
so they lied .
so they learned don't lie .
uhuh .
I made it a fable .
mhm .
after the children left school their mother said we're going out for dinner .
and she said what do you wanna go to ?
and they all shouted Mcdonalds .
and so they went there .
and when they gotta the counter the boy said I like a hamburger and a large vanilla shake .
and the mom said I'll have a salad .
and the girl said I'll have a icecream cone vanilla .
and I'll have coke and a cheeseburger with a happy meal .
and then the waiter said that would be twelve dollars and twenty nine cents .
and the mom reached in to see her purse .
and it was gone .
so they went back to get it .
a boy named Lank woke up this morning .
and he went downstairs for breakfast because he was about to be late .
so he was in a hurry .
so he poured the milk too fast and put the cereal in and gobbled it up .
and then he put on his shirt and pants and tied his shoelace too fast .
it got rip .
so then the bus +...
and then he got outside .
the bus was gone .
so he decided to go out and get his bike and and bike to the school .
and he parked it in a park and said tow it .
and a tow truck came and towed it .
and he's like wait .
and then he hadta go to school .
and the teacher or principal said you're tardy .
that's the thirtieth one you got .
so he went in .
there was this girl and boy .
and they saw a spaceship .
and aliens came out with their dog .
and they were looking around .
and a girl said let's go meet them .
and the boy said I don't think so .
and the girl just ran towards them .
and the aliens like [% makes alien noises] and went in their ship and got some guns and tried to kill her .
that's all .
it was tuesday morning .
Lisa and Raymond's mom called them and said it's time to go out to eat .
where do you wanna go out to eat ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled out Mcdonalds .
they both run and hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there <> Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted to eat between a happy meal and a Big_Mac .
Raymond and her mom knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
Raymond's mom wanted a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she told the clerk I want a happy meal with a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
the clerk rang it up and said that will be two fifty .
and then Lisa and Raymond's mom looked for her purse .
then she realized that she left it at home on the kitchen counter .
the end .
one day Daniel got up from bed .
his alarm clock had already gone off .
he was late for school .
so he hadta go downstairs real fast after he got dressed .
he poured himself some milk and cereal .
he spilled some cereal or spilled some milk .
it was after six o'clock .
when he was trying to tie his shoes his shoelace broke off .
so he hadta go to school like that .
it was hard to tie his shoes together with one short one and one long one .
and so he just finally figured it out .
by then it was almost seven o'clock .
when he got outside the bus was already leaving .
he called after it .
it was no use .
he hadta try and run after it .
he couldn't .
so he had two choices to either get his mom to drive him to school or to walk .
he decided that he would ask his mom what to do .
and mom said to walk because she did not not feel very good .
and she hadta get to work real soon .
so <> he walked to school .
he got there late .
his teacher was mad .
she did not want him to do that again .
she gave him a tardy .
the end .
what is these xxx things ?
once there was a ship that landed .
there were two people around .
it was in a park .
when they saw it they thought it was tiny .
when they saw the people come out they thought they were chinese aliens because of the handwriting on the ship .
one of the chinese aliens had a chinese poodle dog .
and it's name +...
they heard him speak chinese .
they thought they <> called him poodle .
but then they realized that they weren't .
they were calling their kid poodle .
and so then it looked like they had gone a long ways .
there was was a girl and a boy .
the girl wanted to go and look at them closer .
the boy tried to stop her .
the end .
Lisa and the +...
when the kids got back from home their mother asked them where do you wanna eat ?
Mickey_Ds they shouted .
so and I forgot the rest .
when when the boy was getting out of bed he he looked at his alarm clock .
then he went to the kitchen to get some food for breakfast .
then he went to tie his shoe .
then he broke his shoelace .
then he was running to the school bus when it just went on and on .
then then he was finally at school .
one day a a flying saucer came down onto earth .
and aliens walked right out .
and there was an alien dog too .
the girl was was looking at him .
and it started to run .
but the boy caught it .
but she was taking the boy .
but the boy was trying to stop her .
the end .
<> when Lisa and Raymond <> gone home their mother said tonight we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
then their mother said alright .
and they all jumped in the car .
the mother drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide between a a happy meal or a Big_Mac .
Raymond Raymond and his mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered a salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
she ordered a happy meal with fries a Coca_Cola and a chocolate icecream cone .
the waiter said that'll be twelve ninety nine .
and their their mother said okay and reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
then she once remembered that she had left it on the kitchen counter at home .
one morning Jacob woke up with with a headache .
he he got up to breakfast and saw the time .
while he wasn't looking he poured too much milk in his cereal bowl .
and it spilled on to the table and then onto the floor .
he noticed when it happened and quickly cleaned it up .
then he hurried to tie his shoes .
but his shoelaces came off .
so he hadta tie his shoelaces back together and then tie his shoes .
when he went outside he missed the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
then then when he gotta school he he was late .
his teacher showed him the time .
he had missed a test .
she was very upset .
but she knewed [: knew] [* m:+ed] what what had happened .
she accepted his apology .
one day Michael and Michelle were playing in the park .
all of a sudden this this big spacecraft landed on the ground .
a family of alien lifeforms walked out .
Michael and Lisa went back behind the bushes to hide .
Lisa wasn't afraid .
she thought this was amazing .
she wanted to get a closer look .
Michael held on to her and said stop those things can be dangerous .
<> then Lisa said yeah you're right .
so they walked back home .
and they never saw the aliens again .
when when they got back home from school +...
I don't know their names .
can I just make one up ?
their mother said where do you wanna go for dinner .
they said Mcdonalds .
they both jumped in the car .
and their mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
when they got inside I don't know the name &*INV:okay he ordered a cheeseburger and drink and a vanilla milkshake .
she ordered hamburger happy meal with a drink with a vanilla icecream cone .
when the guy said the total is twelve dollars and ninety three cents she just noticed the purse .
she left it on the front counter at home .
that's the end .
first when he woke up he he saw his clock and rushed downstairs to get breakfast and get dressed to catch the bus .
and he had trouble with his shoelaces because they broke .
and and he ran as fast as he could when he got his shoe tied to try to catch the bus .
but he couldn't .
but he hadta walk to school .
and last he took a little time to get to school and gotta school at nine o'clock .
and he went to class and did all his work .
and he did a very nice job .
and he got a a-plus on his reading .
and he said always set your alarm clock at night .
and he said that's the end .
first the aliens came .
then the guy and girl came .
and they saw aliens with a alien dog moving to this world .
the dog looked like a <> poodle .
but he wasn't .
he was a mutt mutt because the thing .
the mom was dressed up like a girl .
the man was dressed up like a guy .
the the brother was dressed up like a boy .
their spaceship was shaped like a oval .
at the end they went inside and saw all the things that they use on the spaceship .
and then they <> live happily ever after .
after Raymond and Laura got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna eat ?
and Laura and Raymond both shouted Mcdonalds .
so they got in the car .
and the mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there Laura couldn't decide what she wanted .
but Raymond and her mom already knew what they wanted .
so when Raymond got up there he asked for a cheeseburger french fries and a large vanilla milkshake .
and the mom asked for a salad .
and then Laura finally made up her mind and said she wanted a happy meal and fries with <> chocolate cone .
once there was a boy named Mitch that was sleeping and overslept .
and then when he looked at the time he was already five minutes late so rushed out to the kitchen to get his cereal .
but he was already fifteen minutes late when he got downstairs because because he took so long to get out of bed .
and then after that he tried to eat his cereal too fast .
and then he hadta lie down for two minutes .
that made him <> seventeen minutes late .
then he ran to get dressed .
and then he went to get get on his shoes .
but when he was tying his next shoe on his shoelace broke off .
so then he hadta use half a shoelace in and another shoelace .
so when he ran out the door the bus already came by his house .
and he was chasing after the bus .
and when he got there he was already twenty two minutes late .
once there were two kids named Michael and Kiki .
when they were walking in the woods they walked to their favorite spot in the woods and sit down to eat their lunch .
but right when they were going back from the woods they heard a loud whoo@c sound right behind them .
and it came louder and louder and louder until they heard the loudest doh@c they ever heard .
and as soon as they heard it they ran behind two two large bushes .
and when when the hatch door opened three aliens came with a funny looking thing that the littlest alien was holding .
<> I think they thought it was a dog .
and after that <> Kiki said that she wanted to take a look at the aliens .
but Michael wouldn't let her .
so when he tried to hold her back Kiki just ran out and talked in front of the aliens .
and then as soon as one of them looked really angry .
they thought that she was trying to hurt them .
she just ran out .
and then she just screamed and ran back to home .
her mom xxx .
and the boy said he would want a cheeseburger .
and the mom want a salad .
and they were talking .
and then the girl she wants a xxx cone .
and then um ah +...
the +...
what is the boys name ?
oh okay .
I'll call this boy Alex .
Alex was going to school when the bus left .
then Alex dropped the milk on the bowl .
when he was sleeping and the clock was ringing he was asleep .
and Alex he he xxx his eyes xxx .
xxx .
then Alex went to school .
and he was walking .
he was late .
he was late for school .
once upon a time there was an alien spaceship .
and there's aliens coming into into the earth .
then the people were scared of the aliens .
then the <> aliens was playing in the park .
and then the alien spaceship +...
then then the girl was smiling .
and then the boy he he didn't <> never seen aliens before and never seen the alien dog before too .
then then the alien was having a picnic at the table .
after the picnic they were playing .
and then then a lot of people were were so scared of the alien .
and then the dog was chasing the people at the park .
then they went to another place .
they went to another place .
they went to another place .
then they went to a shop .
should I keep on going ?
then the aliens were stealing the food when they didn't have no money .
then then they xxx eating paper for the food .
then they then they ate a +...
then they went to the park again .
and and then they went to the park and played again .
then the aliens were going home up up in space and having food in their home .
tuesday their mother said kids where do you wanna go ?
and Erin waited and said said Mcdonalds loud .
and then they went to the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and they went to the clerk .
and Raymond ordered a burger french fries and a large vanilla shake .
<> and he wanted a happy meal .
and the clerk said that's <> twelve fifty .
her mother looked inside her <> purse .
but she didn't have the purse .
she forgot it at the kitchen at home .
I call this story Being_Late_For_School .
once upon a time there was a kid name James .
he woke up .
he looked at his clock .
and he saw that he was gonna be late for school .
then he went to the kitchen for breakfast .
and he made a mess in in the kitchen .
and James said oh no .
and he got dressed .
and and he put on his shoes .
he tied them up .
but then one of his laces broke .
and James said errrrr@c .
and when he got outside the school bus left when he was about to go .
and James said wait wait .
and then he went to school walking .
and then the principal came and said you are late for school .
I call this story Aliens_At_The_Park .
once upon a time there was two children name john and Sarah .
they went to the park to have fun .
but then they saw a spaceship .
and Stephanie saw aliens out of the spaceship .
and she wanted to go say hi .
but john didn't wanna .
he wanted to go home .
but Stephanie took john's hand and went where the aliens were .
and the aliens talked .
and Stephanie said hello .
but the aliens didn't answer .
she shouted again hello .
but they didn't answer .
she shouted louder hello !
but they still didn't hear her .
and then they went back home .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school her mom asked what would you like &*INV:mhm to eat .
and she said we are eating out .
and where would you like to eat ?
Mcdonalds .
and then they jumped into the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa didn't know what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom did .
when they gotta the counter Raymond ordered a cheeseburger .
and his mother ordered a salad .
then Lisa finally made up her mind .
she said that she wanted a happy meal .
and the man <> at the counter said that it costed <> twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when her mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she forgot she had left on the counter at home .
he woke up .
then he went to get his cereal .
then he <> poured too much milk .
then when he was getting his shoes tied <> his shoelace came out .
and he missed school .
and then <> when he gotta his mom's he said go back the other way .
a boy and girl went out to a park .
and they saw a spaceship .
and humming out of it with a dog .
and the boy didn't wanna go .
but the girl did .
that's all I can really think of .
um I no .
their mother said we're going out to eat tonight .
mother asked her children what do they wanna eat ?
they said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
so they all jumped in the car and went to Mcdonalds .
&=sighs they went inside and &*INV:mhm Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order .
and &=sighs forgetting the son's name .
his mother ordered a salad .
the son he ordered a burger fries and a chocolate shake .
and Lisa she ordered a burger and a banana icecream cone .
she ordered a drink too fries .
but the mother left her purse on the kitchen counter .
his alarm clock woke him up .
he went in the kitchen to make breakfast .
he spilled milk all over the table .
when he tried to put on his shoes and tie them he couldn't .
then when he went outside to go to the bus he missed the bus .
so he gotta school late .
a alien ship came and parked right there .
alien people came out of the ship with a little dog and mother son and father carrying a lot of bags .
her sister pulled his brother hand .
and <> his brother said no .
and his sister went over to say hi .
[^ child sighs] so they played and played all night .
that's the best I can do .
their mom said where do you wanna go out for dinner ?
<> and they shouted Mcdonalds .
then they <> jumped in the car .
and then their mom drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and then Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with a vanilla shake .
and that's all I remember of what he got .
his sister got a icecream cone and a coke .
and then their mom got a salad .
and then she looked down and tried to get the twenty dollars .
but her purse wasn't there because she left it at home .
his alarm clock was loud .
then <> he was trying to <> pour his milk .
but it spilled .
and it made a big mess .
then when he was trying to tie his shoes it snapped off .
then the school bus left him .
and then he hadta walk to school .
there once was these aliens .
and they came to earth .
and then this girl and boy came .
and they saw it .
and then the girl wanted to go up and meet them .
and then they probably +...
they got scared of them because they didn't know what they were because they were just here on earth .
they got in the car .
they drove to Mcdonalds .
they order happy meal chocolate icecream and a salad and a cone icecream .
he missed the school bus .
he spilled all the milk on the table .
he hadta go buy some more .
and then he (30.) +...
I can't think of a story .
he had a bad day at school .
and he hadta go home .
he was grounded .
he couldn't go to the school for three days .
he missed the bus .
he hadta stay home .
and he sat down .
he was watching tv .
and he broke his shoestring .
his mom hadta buy some more shoes .
six broke his teddy_bear head .
and she hadta buy him another one .
the the girl and the boy they scared of the the aliens .
and the aliens got a alien dog .
I'm finished .
can't remember .
no I can't .
&=laughs they couldn't buy the things .
&=laughs .
the girl didn't know what to decide .
&=laughs I don't know anymore .
[^ laughs] I can't think of what to say .
I can't think of what to say though .
this is hard .
this kid got out of bed .
he tried to make cereal .
but he missed (2.) .
hit the floor .
he broke his shoelace .
the bus ran without him .
and he was late on school .
this alien ship arrived at earth .
some girl wanted to go see them .
but the boy hold her hand and said no .
all the aliens looked like moms and dads kids and dogs .
period .
period .
they got home from school .
and their mother asked them what do you wanna eat ?
where do you wanna go ?
and [% child coughs] they both yelled Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and they went to the closest Mcdonalds .
and the sister didn't know what to get .
the brother made a order of a <> cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake .
and the mother got a salad .
and the sister finally made up her mind .
and she got a kidsmeal .
and then the man said it was seventy five cents .
and the mother she xxx to find her purse .
but she left it at home on the counter .
one day a boy woke up .
and he he went downstairs and made him cereal .
but he spilled the milk everywhere .
then he didn't eat breakfast .
he put on his shoes .
and then he put on his shoes and tried to tie it .
but one string got pulled off .
he was mad .
he thought that he couldn't do anything .
but then he waited for the bus .
and he missed it .
he said come back wait .
but he could not catch up to the bus .
so he walked to school .
the teacher was standing outside .
she said hello what took you so long ?
he said that he had had a bad day .
she said then come in .
the end .
a octopus was moving out .
they waved goodbye to the old friends .
and beginned [: began] [* m:=ed] a new house .
they thought it was great .
then after one minute there was two kids .
the youngest girl looked at them and wanted to go .
but the brother said no .
and she really wanted to go .
she never seen a octopus with a octopus dog .
the end .
on tuesday there were three children .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go out and eat .
and they all yelled Mcdonalds .
so they drove into the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they went inside the restaurant .
but Lisa didn't know what she wanted to order a happy meal or a hamburger .
but everybody else knew what they wanted to get .
so when they got in Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she said she would take a happy meal a drink fries and a chocolate icecream .
and her mom said she would take a salad .
I forgot the rest of it .
there is a boy named Sam .
and he was in bed xxx .
and he slept too long .
and then whenever he went downstairs for breakfast xxx so he could have breakfast .
(h)e was looking at the clock and spilled the milk and then when he was tying his shoelace got ripped off .
after he tied his shoe he ran outside <> for the bus .
but he missed the schoolbus .
and and when he made it to school he was late .
once there was two children .
one was named Anna .
and one was named Ben .
they found a path that they never ever seen before .
and they went on it .
but when they made it to the end of the path they've saw a giant alien ship flying down .
and then it landed .
and aliens came out .
and then they yelled .
and Ben yelled .
and he started to run back .
but Anna grabbed them .
and so she could go bring him over to say hi .
but the aliens +...
after they came over the aliens they had a dog .
and the dog barked at them and started chasing them around .
and then they both ran back home and told their dad .
but their dad didn't believe them .
and their dad said that there's no such thing as aliens .
the boy and the girl wanted to go out to eat .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
but then their mom forgot her purse .
so they couldn't buy anything .
and the purse was at home on the kitchen counter .
all I remember .
Tom woke up late .
he rushed for breakfast xxx .
he poured too much milk into his cereal .
his shoelace broke .
he was late for the bus .
he was late at school .
Michelle and jack saw a flying saucer .
they saw a dog alien a mother alien a dad alien and two kid aliens .
and they went to meet them .
but jack thought that was crazy .
that's all I can think of .
their mother <> said we're gonna go out to eat .
and then Lisa and Raymond screamed Mcdonalds .
and they drove there .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
and then (11.) she made up her mind .
and then Raymond wanted a Big_Mac a <> coke and a a vanilla icecream .
and Lisa made up her mind and wanted a a happy meal a coke and a vanilla icecream .
and then the storeman said that'll cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when mother was digging in her purse to get it they left the twelve dollars and fifty cents at home .
and then they said +...
eighteen oh .
I can't remember .
what's his name ?
Andy woke up and said I needta get to school .
and then he hadta eat his breakfast .
and then he spilled some .
then he had trouble getting his shoes on .
and one lace broke off .
and then the school bus was +...
he missed the school bus .
and then when when he walked to school his teacher said you're late .
the end .
okay .
can I use the same names ?
Daniel and Michelle were playing in the park .
and then a flying ship came and landed down at the park .
four aliens were walking out the ship .
and the dog had a pointy scribbly nose .
and all the aliens had polka dots on on them .
and there are +...
and then Daniel opened his mouth like owh@c .
and said there's aliens .
what's her name again ?
<> wait Michelle there's aliens .
then end .
on tuesday Lisa and [% (3.)] don't remember his name .
Lisa and [>] .
when they get home from school their their mother said we're gonna go out to dinner .
where would you like to go ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
so their mom drove them to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and <> they um +...
Lisa couldn't decide what to get happy meal or a Big_Mac .
and then the boy's name I forgot but he wanted a cheese burger with vanilla vanilla shake .
and mom wanted a salad .
and then it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but the mom forgot the purse at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Charlie .
and he was late for school .
and when he went to breakfast he poured his milk on the counter instead of the bowl .
and when he went to go tie his shoes his shoelaces broke .
and then when he went outside to go catch the school bus the school bus already drove away .
and when he gotta school his teacher started you're late .
once there was a girl named Emily and a boy named Nathan .
and they were walking in the woods .
and once a spaceship came down .
and aliens were walking down .
there were three aliens a mom a dad child and their little dog .
and Emily says let's go look and see them .
and Nathan said no are you nuts .
they might hurt us .
and then they never saw the aliens ever again .
the end .
one day two kids came back from school .
and their mom asked them where they wanted to go for dinner .
they both shouted Mcdonalds at the same time .
and then they jumped into the car .
and they went there .
and the mom and name &*INV:okay already knew what they wanted to order .
and Lisa didn't .
and then when they got in the mom ordered a salad .
the what's his name ordered a cheeseburger a vanilla milkshake and a coke .
and Lisa just remembered what she wanted to have .
a coke a burger and a chocolate icecream cone .
and then the guy at the counter said that'll be eleven dollars and fifty cents .
and then the mom remembered that she left her purse at home .
yeah .
okay .
I think I'll call it the late day to school .
one day a little boy woke up .
and he went into the kitchen and poured his self some milk .
and it it overflowed in the bowl .
and it spilled .
and then he put on his shoes .
and one of the shoelaces broke .
and he had to go without shoelaces .
and then he was walking to the bus stop when the schoolbus pulled away .
and he started running after it .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then one of the teachers was pointing at her watch .
and the little boy was just in time for school .
the aliens .
one day a boy and a girl were playing around in the bushes when a a flying saucer landed on the ground .
and aliens came out with an alien dog and sleeping bags .
and there was a kid a mom a dad and a teenager .
and they all came out of the flying saucer .
and the boy was afraid .
and the girl wanted to say hi .
but the boy was trying to pull the girl back .
and the girl was trying to pull the boy forward .
and finally the girl said alright let's just go home .
when Raymond and Lisa got home from school their mother asked them we're gonna go out for dinner <> tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Raymond and Lisa both shouted <> Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't figure out what she wanted .
Raymond and mom already knew what they wanted .
finally Lisa decided what she wanted .
they they went to the clerk .
<> Raymond wanted a happy meal a <> shake .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal a cheeseburger soda and a chocolate icecream .
and mom ordered a salad .
and and that cost .
the clerk said that it costed twelve dollars and fifty six cents .
then mom noticed that she left her purse on the kitchen table at home .
okay .
yeah .
john woke up up out of bed at eight eight o'clock .
he spilled his flour when he was making breakfast by an accident .
he pulled his shoelace too hard when he was tying his shoes .
and it broke .
he missed the bus .
and his parents drove him to school .
0 .
eight once upon a time two kids saw a large spaceship land from out of the sky .
it was big and yellow .
<> four aliens stepped out .
the brother was scared .
but the sister wanted to meet the aliens .
the brother ran home to tell his parents .
and the sister went to meet the aliens .
his parents came back with him to see the spaceship .
but the spaceship disappeared .
everyone wondered what planet it was from .
then they watched it go away from under the spaceship .
and in big red letters it said from mars .
and then out of the door with a big parachute came the sister .
the end .
their mother came home and said we're going out to eat .
where do you wanna eat ?
and Raymond and Lisa both said out loud Mcdonalds .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she was gonna get a Cheese_Meal or a Kids_Meal .
well that's what I call it I don't know if it's a Happy_Meal or a Kids_Meal so .
.
and when they gotta and +...
but Raymond knew and their mom knew <> what to get .
<> Raymond got a cheeseburger &*INV:mhm and a large milkshake .
and their mother got a <> large salad .
and finally Lisa made up her mind and said to the person who owned the store I would like a large cheeseburger diet coke and large chocolate icecream cone .
and the person said that will cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when the mother reached for her purse it wasn't there .
and she realized she had left it on the kitchen table .
okay .
this boy got up late .
and he kept looking at the clock .
and when he was making his breakfast he spilled the milk .
and when he was getting dressed he broke his shoelace .
and when he gotta the bus stop he wasn't really there yet though .
though the bus was already taking off .
and he hadta come to school late .
the later pictures ?
what later pictures ?
the bus goes to school without him .
and he hasta walk to school .
and he comes there late .
these two +...
well can I make up a name ?
okay .
these two kids one named Matt that was the boy and the girl's name was Sabrina .
and they went to this little park and hid behind bushes .
and when they climbed out of the bushes they found aliens and a big spaceship and alien dog .
Matt didn't wanna go .
but Sabrina <> held on his arm and ran to to meet them .
but he tried to stop her .
but she wouldn't stop .
she was too strong .
and he started screaming .
and the aliens looked and saw them .
and then <> Sabrina screamed .
and then they ran for their lives .
when <> Leah and her brother got home from school and their mother asked them where they wanna go out to eat .
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and when they got there [% sigh] Leah couldn't decide what she wanted .
and their mother ordered salad .
and <> Leah's brother ordered a hamburger with french fries and and ketchup .
and <> then Leah said that she wanted a happy meal with coke and a chocolate ice cream .
and the mother forgot their purse .
and that's all .
there's a kid who gets out of bed who looks at his clock .
and and he's gonna miss the bus .
and he gets ready to go to school looks at the clock .
and it says seven thirty .
he gets really worried .
and he does everything quickly .
he <> tries to tie his shoes .
but the shoelaces snap off .
once he gets to the busstop he sees a bus driving away .
he walks to school and tells his principal what happened .
and the end .
um xxx .
two kids wanna go to the icecream shop .
and their mom says that they hafta go to the park .
when they go to the park they sat down on the bench ate lunch and ran around the park two times .
and once they ran round it two more times a a big flying saucer came down .
and and little things came out of it .
they didn't know what it was .
so they ran away .
then one of the kids stops and says let's go see what they're up too .
and then the other one says that he wants to go home .
and <> the little things are come out of the flying saucer run back in and and go up into the sky .
and then they never gotta <> see what happened .
the end .
.
I just can remember when they went to to Mcdonalds .
that's all I can remember .
uh okay .
they ordered their food .
and the mom got cheeseburger fries and a coke .
and she couldn't make up her mind &*INV:good if she wanted a Big_Mac or a kidsmeal .
the cashier said twelve ninety nine .
and the mom realized she'd left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and (12.) Lucy and john said what shall we do .
and then +...
that's about all I know .
one day john woke um um +...
can I start over ?
one day john woke up .
and he fell onto the floor .
he banged his head on his dresser .
and he said ouch that hurts .
then he went downstairs and into the kitchen .
and he said said I wanna a drink of milk .
then he got the milk carton out .
and he tried to pour it into the glass .
but he spilled all the milk out of the milk carton .
and his mom said he hadta pick it up .
then after he cleaned it up he had trouble tying his shoelaces .
and then after doing it for a long time one of his shoelaces broke .
then his mother got him a new shoelace .
and then it was all ready .
and then the school was honking its horn .
and he was late for the bus .
then he hadta walk to school .
and he was very late .
once upon a time a long time ago there were five aliens .
um &=sighs um .
the little boy's name was Kyle .
the guy in the alien ship ship's name was (8.) +/.
[^ (7.)] Judy .
[<] the mom's name was +...
the dad's name was Robert .
and the mom's name was lulu .
(5.) the girl's name was Judy .
and the boy's name was mike .
one day <> a boy and a girl found a spaceship in the sky .
and it landed on the ground .
so they <> hid in some bushes .
and five aliens came out .
one was a weird looking dog .
and the boy was holding his leash so he wouldn't run away .
they had brung [: brought] all their stuff and all their gear for camping .
and the ship was about to take off .
all of a sudden the girl on the spaceship the mom called her .
and the girl on the spaceship said byebye .
and the ship ship took off into the sky .
and the mom and dad said I have have made a big huge mistake .
so they saw a bench nearby .
and they sat down on the bench .
and they ate lunch for two hours .
and by the time their lunch was done they had still a lot more food .
then they said look there .
the one kid went to play with his dog until it was time for supper .
then they ate supper .
and then the spaceship came down .
and the little alien came out .
and all of the aliens got on .
and they took off in space .
Lisa and her brother got home from school .
and they asked their mother if she could go to Mcdonalds .
if her brother +...
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
and then their mom ran into the car .
and then that's how I remember .
I'll call my book the worst day of the year .
on monday jimmy he woke up .
and couldn't go to sleep .
so he had a bad day .
he tried to eat dinner .
but he wasn't paying attention .
and the milk fell on the table .
his mom says are you having a hard day ?
and he said no .
then then jimmy took a bath washed up .
and he he put lotion on .
and then he put his clothes on .
he tried to tie his shoes .
but his string broke .
jimmy missed the school .
and then he hadta walk to school .
and miss the schoolbus .
and he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said he was late .
it was +...
I don't know what to start with .
okay .
you mean me tell the you know ?
okay .
could I say the title first ?
but I think it should be called the saturday alien alien show .
well it's not really .
they're real aliens .
one day on a saturday morning .
and there was aliens coming .
and they were coming for the day over .
uh what is it called again ?
what is it called ?
when they when you go on some like an airplane .
and you going someplace else to spend a week over .
vacation .
they came for a vacation over the earth planet to make it <> aliens all over the place .
and Cassidy and mike saw real aliens .
and she pulled his arm .
and then she pulled and pulled .
but he wouldn't budge .
so she hadta come over there and look by herself .
but the aliens tried to threaten her .
and she ran back home to her mother and father and told them that they're real aliens .
and they went to prove it .
and they try to find the aliens .
and they found them .
but they catched them and turned them into aliens .
that's it .
but I mean actually after they they fighted the aliens .
and then they turned back .
and then they'll never ever let aliens invade invade the planet .
now that's the end .
the boy and the girl went out to dinner with their mother and went to Mcdonalds .
Lisa got a happy meal with a large vanilla icecream .
Raymond <> got a cheeseburger large milkshake with fries .
and the mother got salad .
and the price was twelve fifty four .
the problem was that the mother forgot her purse .
and the mother reached down to grab her purse .
and the person wasn't there .
a boy got out of bed and was tired spilled the milk all over when he was eating breakfast .
and he wasn't paying attention when he was pouring the milk into his cereal .
next he broke one of his shoelaces off of his shoe .
and he was late .
he looked mad .
and then he missed the bus because he <> was late .
and he didn't get to school on time .
he looked at the teacher .
and the teacher was like <> you weren't at school on time .
that's it .
there was two little kids .
and the the boy was older than his little sister .
and his little sister was gonna go out into place when there was aliens .
and the big brother was like no no don't .
and the aliens were walking off the ship getting unpacked and stuff .
and they had a little baby girl a dad a mom and a dog .
and they're moving out of space down on to earth .
and the spaceship was taking off after the dog the baby girl and the mom and dad got off .
and there was a picnic table with two two benches on each side .
and there was trees over the picnic table .
and it was a nice sunny day .
and the boy and the girl were hiding behind bushes .
their mother asked them where they wanna go at dinner .
and they shouted Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and they jumped in the car .
and mom drove them to a Mcdonalds restaurant .
and and Tom wanted a cheeseburger with a chocolate shake .
and and the girl wanted a coke and a ice cream cone .
but it cost too much money .
and their mom said oops .
and they left it on the kitchen counter .
and the boy got up in the morning .
and and his clock rang .
and he put his head like this .
and he was tired .
so he poured some cereal and milk .
and he made a spill .
and and he put on his shoe .
but his shoelaces break .
and when he was waiting with his bus his bus passed his house .
so he just went back to bed .
a girl saw some aliens .
so her took the boy's hand and grabbed him .
and and he push away .
and they saw aliens and the alien dog .
mom said to the kids where do you wanna go to eat ?
they both shouted out Mcdonalds .
they jumped into the car .
and mom drove them to Mcdonalds .
Susan got a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
mom got a big big meal with a chocolate icecream cone .
and Billy got a big icecream cone .
the the clerk said that will be twelve dollars and zero cents .
mom went to go get her purse .
and it wasn't there .
I forgot my purse at the house on the counter .
the end .
it was in the morning .
and Samantha was sposta go to school .
he poured the milk and made a mess .
and he couldn't tie his shoe .
so he he broke his shoelace .
so he left it .
the bus took off before he can get to the bus .
and he he was late for school .
the end .
the aliens landed on earth .
and the people were scared .
so they ran away .
and there was a doggie over there .
and he got caught by the aliens .
and they took him to a new house where the aliens useta live .
and they went back to their old house .
the end .
there was Lisa and somebody else .
and they wanted to go out to eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
the boy knew knew what he wanted to order .
and mom knew what she wanted to order .
but Lisa didn't .
<> it was either a happy meal or something else .
and she choosed the happy meal .
and the clerk said twelve dollars and thirty five cents .
and then when mom looked where her purse was it was gone .
and she realized it was at home .
so I can make the boy's name up ?
okay .
one morning a boy named Devan woke up .
and his head hurt .
he went downstairs to have breakfast .
he poured his cereal and his milk .
but his milk spilled .
and once he got dressed <> one of his shoelaces broke .
and he got two shoes that were <> kind of the same that were in his room .
and then since that took him a little while to get his backpack and stuff ready the school bus was there .
but when when he broke his shoelace the bus was leaving .
and he said wait wait .
and he hadta walk to school .
and then after school he took the bus .
but only his mom <> said look the time .
you're late .
and the boy said mom I broke my shoelace .
and then I hadta get new shoes .
then I hadta get my backpack and stuff ready .
and the the bus left when I broke my shoelace .
and then I hadta walk to school .
and and now I took the bus .
that's why I'm late .
and the mom said oh that's okay .
you're fine .
the end .
there's girl whose named named Emily xxx .
she was playing in a park when she saw a spaceship .
she ran to it .
but the door wouldn't open .
<> there was aliens in there .
but the aliens were trapped .
and then the girl brought her family over to look look where the aliens xxx tried to break the door open .
and they broke the door open .
and then the aliens came out .
and the aliens said why thank you .
we were trapped there for thousands of years .
but we could still drive the thing .
and then the girl <> told the police that there were aliens on earth .
and the police came .
and they said why gosh they are aliens .
and then the police said you guys could stay here for a little while .
but if you stay <> here for a long time <> you guys may rule the world .
and so you could be here for a year or two .
and and the aliens said okay .
and they shaked his hand .
and the police took them to the nearest hotel .
the police payed for them .
and when it was one or two years they knew where the spaceship was still .
they went back in their spaceship .
the door wasn't stuck anymore .
they shut the door .
and they flew away .
and then before they flew away everyone said goodbye to them .
and and they met the other side of the world .
and they did the same thing too .
the end .
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
what do you do when you xxx xxx xxx ?
I don't know the rest .
I wish you wouldn't xxx xxx .
rob got out of bed at one o'clock a_m in the morning .
he wanted to get some breakfast but messed up with the milk .
he then took a shower and and got <> ready for school though his shoelace snapped .
and he hadta tie it back on on .
then then he tried to run for the school bus though he was late catching it .
so he didn't catch it .
so he was nineteen minutes late for school .
some aliens were heading towards earth to make a new home .
they landed there on on saturday when school was out .
first the baby alien wanted to walk the dog .
and then the dad alien was going to unpack .
and then the brother alien hadta do some work in the spaceship .
and the mom alien said this will be our new home .
okay .
.
when Francine and Alex got off the bus their mother said hey would anybody like to go out to eat ?
and Francine and Alex said Mcdonalds .
and and they went to Mcdonalds .
Francine didn't know what to eat .
mom ordered a salad .
France ordered a cheeseburger and a vanilla icecream .
finally Susie made up her mind .
she wanted [% sigh] a happy meal with some pop and a milkshake .
but mom forgot her purse at home .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
and he stayed up last night watching a long movie called Inspector_Gadget with some pop .
and then he woke up .
and he was pretty late .
he wouldn't get his eyes off the clock .
and then he went to have breakfast .
but he made a mess .
and then he tried to tie his shoes by hisself .
but the other shoelace got out .
and then it was time for the busstop .
the school bus was already gone .
the teacher was pretty mad because it was already twelve o'clock .
okay .
once upon a time there was a little boy and a little girl .
their name was Susie and Alex .
one day Susie and Alex saw some aliens coming to the park .
Susie wanted to go meet the aliens .
but Alex said no they could be poisonous .
then Susie decided let's go home .
the end .
their dad said how about that's not the truth .
then they did have poison on them .
there were two children .
their name is Lisa and (5.) can't remember the little boy's name .
her mom said we are going out to eat today night .
and her mom asked them where do you wanna go ?
and they both said Mcdonald .
and they jump into the car .
the mom drove drove the children to the closest Mcdonald place .
and then Lisa didn't know what to order a happy meal or I can't remember the other thing .
and her mom ordered cheese cheese I can't remember .
and the little boy ordered cheese hamburger and vanilla milkshake and chocolate .
and at last Lisa decided she was going to get a happy meal .
and the person there says it costs twelve dollar and ninety nine cents .
and her mom reached in her purse wasn't there .
and she remembered that she left her purse at the kitchen counter .
and the last part what they said what would you do .
in the morning when he got up and looked at the clock .
and it was too late .
and it was nine o'clock already .
and he got up and <> pour his his milk .
and the milk got out of the bowl .
and when he was looking at the clock he accidentally spilled the milk on the desk .
after <> his breakfast he got his clothes and tried to tie his shoe .
and one of his shoelace got broke .
and when he got out he missed his school bus .
and he hasta walk .
and he was late for school .
one day one of the spaceship came down .
and some of <> spotted octopus came out .
and one of the little girl just grabbed his dad to see them .
and the dad went like this .
no I am not going there .
you go if you want .
and she just pulled her .
and the dad was scared .
but the girl was not .
and the little octopus was carrying a little dog .
and it was at a little park or somewhere .
oh yeah .
there are some green grass and trees and <> tall grass .
and there is some little air coming out of the spaceship .
and there is an octopus waving bye bye to the other octopus .
and there are some trees and clouds .
and the dog has a lot of fur right here on her neck and stuff .
it doesn't .
they wanted to eat out .
they wanted to eat out .
one day as the boy went by he he was late for school .
he was not watching for his breakfast .
he broke his shoelace .
he tried to catch up with the school bus .
but it ran .
and then the teacher said it's late right now .
<> there was a girl who wanted to see her new friends .
and her brother said whoa@c whoa@c those are aliens .
and she still wanted to play with them .
the family came out .
um actually I think now I remember the girl's name .
wasn't it was it oh I forgot the name I was gonna say .
Dianna ?
it was Sarah .
I'm not really sure .
okay um +...
[^ whispers] xxx what was I gonna say again ?
oh yeah .
Raymond and Sarah's moms asked them if they wanted to go out to eat .
and she said where do you wanna go ?
and they both said we wanna go to Old_Mcdonalds .
they hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then Sarah couldn't choose what she wanted .
but Raymond and his mom already knew what they wanted .
then Raymond said he wanted a cheeseburger with a vanilla <> shake .
<> and <> his mom wanted a salad .
and then Sarah made up her mind .
and and she wanted a happy meal with an chocolate icecream cone and soda .
but then the clerk said that would be <> four dollars <> and forty nine cents .
and then Raymond and Sarah's mom didn't have any money .
she left it on the dining room table at home .
Benny woke up when he was pretty much late for almost for school when his alarm clock was ringing really really loud .
then Benny went into the kitchen and [% yawns] got cereal for breakfast and tried to pour the milk when he spilled his milk on the table and all over the place .
Benny tried to really really tie his shoes .
but then his lace broke off .
and then he tried to catch the bus .
but it left without him .
<> Benny was having a bad day .
then he just hadta walk to school .
and then the teacher looked at him and said Benny what's wrong .
and then Benny said to the teacher I I am having a bad day .
I can't wake up at the right time .
I can't even get myself breakfast .
I broke my shoelace .
and now I hadta walk to school instead of taking the bus .
David and Sally were walking to the park .
then David saw this big alien ship come down and was trying to stop Sally from going there to see them .
then the aliens were glad they were there because they were going camping .
and they brought their dog which was an alien too .
and then Sally tried to go past the aliens when David thought it was too dangerous and didn't wanna go .
so then the aliens were starting to see them .
and then David tried to <> run .
but Sally just took David's hand and tried to pull him across with her .
but then the aliens saw them and tried to like bring them back on their ship and go back to space and kinda do an experiment on them .
that's pretty much it I could think of .
on tuesday night mom said we're going out to eat .
and Lisa said (20.) where are we going ?
and Raymond said we're going to Mcdonalds .
um ah .
(30.) they were at home .
they ordered what they wanted .
and Lisa she she asked for a burger fries and coke .
and what it it cost twelve dollars and fifty cents .
but mom left her purse at home on the kitchen .
there was a boy .
and the clock rang .
and he got out of bed .
he went downstairs to fix him a bowl of cereal .
but he spilled the milk .
he got dressed .
he tied his shoe .
but the shoelace broke .
he was late for the bus .
so he hadta walk to school .
the end .
once upon a time there were a boy and a girl .
they saw a alien ship .
and they saw a father alien a mother alien a dog alien and a daughter alien .
and a boy told her not to go because it was dangerous and and that it was a dangerous place to go .
and then she went over there to have +...
the aliens went back on the ship .
and they went up outer space .
I forgot it .
Lisa and what was his name again ?
Lisa and her brother &*INV:okay got home from school .
and their mother said we're going out to dinner .
where would you like to go ?
they both thought for a moment .
and they both yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they jumped into the car .
and their mother drove them to Mcdonalds .
Lisa's brother and mom already had decided what they'd get .
and Lisa didn't decide .
and she couldn't decide between a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and what was her brother's name ?
and Raymond got a cheeseburger and french fries and a vanilla milkshake .
and their mother got a salad .
and Lisa decided she'd get a happy meal and a coke and a <> chocolate icecream cone .
and when their mother went to pay the purse was not there because she left it on the kitchen table .
one day a boy woke up named Sam .
he got very clumsy because he woke up too late .
and he spilled his milk in his cereal .
he put too much in .
he was trying to tie his shoelace .
and the shoelace broke .
and he missed the bus .
and then when he gotta school his teacher said that he was too late and that he hasta owe her recess time .
once there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named Sam .
and they were at the park looking for treasures .
and then all of a sudden they heard a crash [% telephone rings in background] .
and they [% phone ringing in the background] had done the thing as far as they could .
and they tried to find those .
but it wouldn't work .
and they tried to find it a treasure .
but they couldn't .
and then they heard a crash again .
and they went to look around the bushes .
and they saw the strange people and animals .
they said what are you doing here ?
and the dog said meeoowww@c .
that's it .
one tuesday morning Lisa and Raymond +...
no .
on tuesday morning their mother asked them we're going out to eat tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
Lisa and Raymond both yelled Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and Carmen asked <> to have a happy meal and xxx a happy meal .
and Lisa couldn't make up her mind .
finally she made up her mind .
she'll have a happy meal a chocolate icecream cone and coke .
their mother ordered a salad .
when she was reaching for her purse it wasn't there .
she left it on the kitchen counter .
the questions were where did they go out to eat ?
and was it what did they have ?
and what was the problem ?
and I think that's all .
Michael woke up this morning and looked at his alarm clock in a rush .
and then he went into the kitchen .
and he poured milk looking at the clock .
and so he spilled it .
and after that he cleaned it up .
and then he went to go get dressed .
when he went to go get dressed he was tying his shoes very fastly and hard pulling on them .
and then his shoelaces broke .
and then he said said I am not gonna worry about this .
oh well .
and then he just left it like that .
and then he went outside .
and he got his backpack .
and then he went outside .
and when he just got outside school bus just drived [: drove] [* m:=ed] away .
and he started to stopped it .
but it wouldn't stop .
so he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school there was a person .
and it was his teacher .
and she said you're late .
how come you are late ?
Michael told her what had happened .
then she said okay .
but next time try not to miss the bus .
and <> make sure you set your alarm clock the right time .
Tommy and Lisa were playing hide-and-go-seek .
and they found each other .
and then they were behind the bushes .
and they saw something coming down .
and so they went behind the bushes .
and they looked at it .
and Lisa said let's go <> see what they are .
they might be new new people to live here .
and Tom said no they might be something that are coming to Attack_ed us .
and so he said stop don't .
but Lisa wanted to go .
so that she stayed there .
she said they could be something like octopuses from outer space .
and Tom said they might be aliens .
and so they told their parents .
and they said I don't think that's true .
and then they said we'll prove it .
and the aliens just got out .
and so she said there .
she said well let's go see if they're nice or not .
anyways I've got a gun because their father's a hunter .
and they were best friends .
and the aliens said that's love .
on tuesday morning Lisa and Raymond's mom asked where they wanna go out to eat .
they <> all yelled out Mcdonalds .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
but the mom and Raymond knew what they wanted .
Raymond wanted a cheeseburger and a vanilla milkshake .
and the mom wanted salad .
and then Lisa finally decided that she wanted a cheeseburger with a chocolate cone .
and then the the person who works at Mcdonalds said that would be twelve dollars .
and she looked up on the counter .
but it wasn't there because she left it on the counter at their house .
one day this boy couldn't do anything right .
when he woke up he got a headache from the clock because it rang too loud .
and then he spilled his milk when he was trying to pour it into his cup .
and then he broke his shoelace .
and then the bus left him .
and then he hadta walk to school .
once there was an alien family who was going to earth to spend a week there .
and then a girl and a boy came .
and <> the boy said I'm not going .
but the girl really convinced him to .
<> and they had a dog .
and then there was a little girl a mom and a dad .
and then they made friends .
that's the end .
there was a girl and a boy named Lisa and um I forget his name again um +...
and their their mother asked them where would you like to go for dinner ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
then the mother went to the nearest Mcdonalds place .
and Lisa said she couldn't pick what she wanted because there was so much stuff to choose out of .
and then the boy's name ordered a cheeseburger french_fries and a vanilla milkshake .
the mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally ordered a chocolate icecream cone and some other stuff .
I forgot it .
and then the mother um +...
and then the clerk person said that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mother went to go go into her pocket to get the wallet .
but it wasn't there .
then she remembered that she left it on her counter <> in the kitchen .
and so that's the end .
well one day a boy woke up .
and she tried to get a cereal .
but then this milk spilled .
then he got his clothes on put on one of his shoes and then the other .
and then when he was putting on his other shoe the lace broke .
then he <> packed his backpack ran for the bus .
and then he missed it walked to school .
and then someone was standing outside telling him that he was too late .
once upon time there's a boy named Adam and a girl named Lila .
they were walking home <> from the park .
and there in the park they saw spaceship with writing on it .
and four aliens coming out with suitcases no with octopuses coming out .
one with a dress one with a skirt one with pants with eight legs .
and a dog that had two noses and a red collar &=laughs .
then Adam was saying stop stop Lila .
and then he was saying let's go back home .
these people are scaring me .
and Lila said wait a second .
I wanna say hi .
but Daniel kept on saying no no .
and then Daniel pulled her back .
and finally they went and told their mom and dad .
their mom and dad didn't believe them .
so they all showed them .
but then when they got back there was only the dog .
all of the octopuses were hiding in the trees .
they couldn't find them .
then they saw this little yellow ship in the air .
and then somehow it came back down .
these other octopuses came out .
they looked just the same with the dog with the girl with the skirt a mother with a dress and a father with pants with eight legs .
the end .
it was thursday and the I don't know .
they (7.) gotta go to Mcdonalds .
(6.) and (4.) and (12.) I +...
once there was a little boy <> in bed .
and he gets up with alarm clock rung .
he woke up and ate breakfast .
and he spilled the milk .
and he went inside to go get his shoes on .
and tied his shoes .
and his shoe strings broke .
and he couldn't fix it .
he <> ran for the bus .
but the bus took off without him .
and he hadta walk to school .
when he gotta school (7.) hm: (9.) he gotta school .
and he was late because he didn't walk fast enough .
so the teacher was mad .
once there was some xxx .
and some [% yawn] seven +...
and they heard a noise .
so they went to the other side of the park .
and they saw an alien ship .
and the aliens came out with a dog and <> yelled ham and polka dot .
and and one of the parents of the people wanted to go pet the doggy .
so he tried to go over there .
and pulled her husband and went into xxx didn't wanna go over there .
so she just went over there by herself .
the mom forgot her purse .
and the children decided where they wanted to go .
that's all .
um (12.) I can't remember .
his alarm woke him up .
he got up and ate cereal .
(8.) he was getting his shoes on .
and then he missed the bus .
then he hadta walk to school .
a spaceship landed full of aliens .
and the aliens got off with their pet and two little kids .
a girl wanted to to see them .
but the boy didn't want her to .
so she pulled her back .
and the girl was trying to pull him towards the aliens .
and that's all .
their mom asked if they wanted to go somewhere to eat .
they picked Mcdonalds .
and then she was trying to figure out what she wanted .
and then she picked a soda with a chocolate shake and and a happy meal .
and and then she forgot her money .
and then then you asked what the girl name is .
and then you asked what the boy name is .
and then you said what would you do if if you forgot your money .
and then and then you asked what I would do if if I forgot the money .
one day there was a boy named mike .
he woke up .
and he was late for school .
he poured +...
he went to go get breakfast .
he poured milk all over the table .
and then he ripped his shoelace .
and then he got late for the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
his teacher said he was late .
and he missed his class with her .
okay one day there was this boy and a girl .
the girl was named Kelly .
and one was named Michael .
one day this big spaceship <> landed .
there was one one that was a small strange strange dog .
four <> octopuses which looked strange to them .
she wanted to go play with them except Michael he didn't wanna .
he was too afraid .
and acted as if they were really nice .
is so they started to play with each other .
and they were nice to +...
they they played with the dog .
and they were all <> nice .
and they had a picnic .
and then the other ones went back home .
Lisa and Raymond were in the kitchen when their mom said we're going out for dinner .
where would you like to go ?
<> Lisa and Raymond both jumped up and said Mcdonalds .
and they hoped into the car .
then they drove away to the nearest Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't make up her mind if she wanted a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond and mom both knew what they wanted .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
Raymond asked for a a hamburger some fries and a <> vanilla milkshake .
mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa said she would want a happy meal with a diet coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the clerk said that will be twelve dollars .
and when mom reached for her purse it wasn't there .
she had left it on the kitchen counter .
one day jack woke up .
and he looked at his alarm clock and said oh no I'm late for school .
he went downstairs as fast as he could .
and he poured his cereal .
but he was too busy looking at the clock .
and he spilled milk all over the place .
and he barely got any breakfast .
when he went to tie his shoes his lace broke off .
and he got so aggravated that he felt like he didn't wanna go to school .
but his mother said he hadta .
so he ran to the schoolbus .
but he just missed it .
and he ran ran and ranned [: ran] [* m:+ed] all the way to school .
when he got there the principal was waiting and said you're late jack .
and jack explained the whole thing .
and when the principal understood that his grandmother was there last night .
and he didn't get enough sleep .
she said that's okay jack .
we'll just fill you in on what's happening .
and then you'll be all set for school .
Megan and Daniel I said Daniel because I was thinking of your story .
Megan +...
I can't I just can't think of a name for this story .
Megan and Thomas were were in the park about to go home when they saw a very strange figure hovering above in the sky .
let's see what it is said Megan .
Thomas said no we could get killed with that thing .
then we'll stay behind the bushes said Megan .
oh alright I'll follow your little plan .
but don't bring me anywhere .
so they stayed behind the bushes and waited and waited and waited until the very strange figure that looked to be a giant bowl with no top landed on the ground .
then this little doorway <> poped out .
and they saw these very strange creature that seemed to be octopuses and an octopus dog .
they had spots all over .
and they looked to be aliens .
which I think they were .
they yelled and screamed and said +...
and after when they finally cooled off .
they said I'm going to go tell my mom and you're coming with me .
and Daniel said I told you not to bring me anywhere .
and Megan's like oh don't be a scaredy-cat .
but they'll never believe us never .
well yes they will .
all we hafta do is take one of them with us and take some fur from the dog .
are you crazy said Thomas .
no .
I think you are because you just don't think that we can do it .
we'll just pick the smallest and most unfierce one the little girl holding the dog .
so when they got there they tried to hide .
but the the aliens saw them .
get them said the mother .
this will never do as a place because there's so much humans around .
they tried to take some fur from the dog .
but the dog ran away .
they ran home to tell their mom .
but their mom wouldn't believe them .
their mom said well aliens don't exist .
so I have no idea why you think you saw some .
but we did said Megan .
we really really did .
come we'll show you their ship right <> in the park next to the picnic table .
so they went .
and they looked .
and they looked .
and they looked .
but Megan said I know why they're not here .
remember when the mom said we can't stay here because there's too much humans .
and so the mom never believed .
and Thomas and Megan never went to the park again bewaring of aliens .
when Lisa and Raymond came home from school their mom said we're going out to eat where do you wanna go ?
the kids both yelled Mcdonalds .
so they jumped into the car and drove off .
and when they got to Mcdonalds Lisa didn't know what to order .
and the mom and Raymond already knew what they wanted .
when they got up to the counter Raymond said I would like a cheeseburger with fries and a milkshake .
and their mom ordered salad .
and Lisa finally knew what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with coke and a milkshake .
that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
and when the mom <> went to reach into her purse her purse wasn't there .
one morning <> a boy woke up .
and he went to the kitchen .
but he was too tired to pour his cereal .
and when he was about to leave the school his shoelace broke .
and <> when the schoolbus left he was chasing it .
and when he gotta school he got in trouble .
once upon a time way up in space there was a spaceship that went down to earth .
and four aliens came out of the spaceship .
and a girl named Casey and a boy named Tommy saw the aliens .
Casey thought it was cool .
and Tommy didn't .
and Casey was pulling Tommy's arm to bring him over to the aliens .
the aliens looked weird .
they had a lot of legs .
and they had a lot of things .
so <> Casey said let's go see who they are .
and Tommy didn't wanna go .
and the aliens were happy .
but they came down here to take a person and bring it back up to space .
uhuh .
teddy and Lisa got home from school .
and their mom said where where do you wanna go out to eat ?
and they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and they went into the car .
and her mother drove to Mcdonalds .
and (10.) they ordered .
and Lisa didn't know what to get a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
teddy and his mom knew what they wanted .
Lisa decided what she wanted .
she wanted a happy meal with french fries and a chocolate icecream cone .
when mom reached over her purse wasn't there .
it was on the counter .
Tony woke up fairly late .
he got up out of bed .
and he went downstairs .
and got a bowl spoon milk and cereal .
and he accidentally wasn't watching where he was going .
and he looked up at the clock .
and he spilled his milk .
and then he went to go by the door to get his shoes on .
and he got dressed and everything .
and he was tying his shoe .
and his shoelace broke off .
he got out the door .
and he missed the school bus to go school .
and he went to grandma's house .
and said grandma I missed the bus .
can you take me to school ?
that is all .
teddy and Anna were walking to the park .
and they saw something .
it was a spaceship .
they saw aliens walking out of it a grandma a mother a little kid and a dog .
Tommy yelled .
Anna smiled .
let's go back home said Ted .
but Anna wanted to stay .
Anna grabbed Ted's arm and pulled him by the bushes .
(5.) Anna wanted to get a closer look at them .
Anna thought they were cool .
Ted thought they weren't .
then they went off walking .
they went to the park .
Anna and Ted followed them to the park .
and the (6.) dog of the aliens got lost .
the aliens were looking for the dog at the park .
but the dog was gone .
they couldn't find him anywhere .
but then Anna saw him and brang the dog back to the owners .
and then they went back home .
that is all .
how does it start out again ?
[>] at home .
and their mother said where do you wanna eat tonight .
and they said Mcdonalds Mcdonalds .
and so they went to Mcdonalds .
and <> Lisa didn't know what to order a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
and Raymond ordered a ah hm: I forgot .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate icecream cone and a shake .
<> and then they said that would be <> twelve dollars and four cents .
and when she reached for her purse it wasn't there .
once upon a time there was a boy .
he woke up one morning .
and he was having a bad day .
when he tried to pour himself some cereal he was looking at the clock so he spilled the milk .
then when he tied his shoes the laces snapped out .
and he missed the bus .
so he hadta run after it really really fast .
and once he gotta school he was really late .
once upon a time there was a girl and a boy .
and they went to the park .
and they saw little flying saucer or spaceship there .
and the boy was scared so he started yelling .
then she said wait come back .
and they saw aliens walking out a dad a mom and a little kid with a dog .
and they saw even another person still in the spaceship .
so she said look at those guys .
they're aliens .
and then he said yeah I see them .
now can we go now ?
and she said no let's go talk to them .
but he said no I I'd rather stay here .
so they went back to the house .
and they told their mom and dad .
and they didn't believe them that much though .
they took them there .
and they saw those aliens .
so then they both started to believe them .
I don't know .
Mcdonalds restaurant .
the mom asked what do they wanna order .
he went to bed .
he wanted cereal .
but he poured it on on the table .
he was tying his shoelaces .
it got caught and broke .
he missed the bus .
then he went +...
his mom might have drove him .
the mom and dad get off .
I don't know what that's called .
0 .
on tuesday the mom asked the kids if <> they wanted to go out together .
and they said yes .
and she asked them where they wanted to eat .
and they <> both yelled Mcdonalds .
I don't remember the rest .
one day Joe woke up .
and he was trying to pour milk into his cereal .
and he made a big mess .
and then he tried to tie his shoes .
and his shoelaces got broken .
and he missed the bus .
and he hadta run to school .
once these two kids were walking in a park .
and this thing that looked like a blimp landed there .
and aliens came out .
and and Joey was scared .
but the girl wanted to say hi to them and probably pet the dog .
the aliens had lots of spots on them .
they couldn't decide .
huh ?
mhm .
first he gets out of bed .
and he's is almost late .
then he makes a mess of the cereal .
then his <> shoe string breaks .
then the school bus leaves him .
then his teacher tell him that he's late .
a aliens had landed in the park .
and some aliens are coming out .
and there's a dog and a kid a mom and a dad .
and this little girl likes to see .
but the boy won't let her go .
mhm .
there's is a picnic table .
and there's somebody in the ship .
another alien in the ship .
and the boy's saying stop .
Lisa and +...
I don't remember the little boy's name .
but those two got home from school one day .
and <> their mother said that they were going out to eat that night .
and and she asked them where they wanted to go .
they both <> shouted Mcdonalds .
so they jumped in the car and left to Mcdonalds .
and when they got there Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a Nugget_Meal or a happy meal .
so her mother and her brother already knew what they wanted .
her brother asked for +...
when he gotta the counter he asked for a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered some salad .
finally Lisa could decide what she wanted .
she asked for a happy meal with an icecream cone and a coke .
then the clerk said that it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
just as their mother was reaching into her purse to get out her wallet it wasn't there .
and she remembered that she had left her purse on the kitchen counter .
and what should they do ?
one +...
the name of my story A_Bad_Day .
one day a little boy named Sammy woke up to his <> alarm clock ringing really really loud .
he quickly went downstairs to go get breakfast .
and just as he was pouring the milk into his cereal <> the bell rang to go to school .
and he accidentally spilled the milk <> on the table .
after he got dressed for school his shoelaces wouldn't listen .
and they wouldn't tie at all .
he he was going to school walking down the street .
and his school bus was leaving .
he was running after it .
but he didn't catch it in time .
so he hadta walk to school .
once he gotta school his teacher said that he was real late .
he should try next time to be a lot earlier .
he said I had a bad morning .
I didn't get to +...
<> my alarm clock was ringing extra loud .
my milk from my cereal fell on me .
my shoelaces were not listening .
lost the bus .
his teacher said well still you did your best to get to school on time so you were okay .
so Sammy went to school that day .
and he had a good day .
The_Space_Aliens .
one day two children were walking along a path .
it was monday morning .
they went past this forest .
they decided to go in it for a little adventure and maybe just some snails that they haven't seen .
and then all of a sudden they went past this bush .
they heard some weird noises .
they peeked over it .
they saw these aliens .
they were mm +...
the two children were both kind of scared .
but <> Margaret was not very scared .
Andrew was terrified .
Margaret ran towards the aliens as Daniel was holding <> her hand saying no .
and then aliens jumped on a ship .
and they just went off as a family .
then the <> kids never saw the aliens again .
but they went home took the parents to the place where they saw the <> aliens to see if they were still there .
the parents said this is not very easy to believe .
but if you said it we believe you .
and the kids quickly just ran back home .
and they looked out their window .
and there was the ship .
and it flew off <> outer space .
the kids don't know if they really saw the spaceship or not .
but they do know that they did see something .
the end .
Raymond and and his sister their mother <> told them they were going to go out to eat .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and the little girl didn't know what she wanted to eat .
and the mother and Raymond knew what they wanted to eat .
and the little girl decided for a kidsmeal .
and the mother had a salad .
and the mother forgot her purse on the the kitchen counter at home .
there was this little boy that woke up .
and it looks like he was worried that he would probably be late for school .
or he would probably miss his bus .
and he spilled the milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
he missed the bus .
and he gotta school .
his teacher was probably mad at him .
and when he broke his shoelace he looked pretty mad .
and when he missed the bus it looks like he started running .
and he looks exhausted when his <> teacher looks like she's mad at him .
and he looks sort of mad because he is late from waking up .
and he is probably sorry that he spilled the milk .
and he is mad because he broke his shoelace .
and he is probably running after the bus .
and his teacher looks mad at him because she has a little frown .
once upon a time there was two children that were walking in the bush .
they saw a spaceship land .
and the little girl got really excited .
and there were aliens walking out of it and an alien dog .
and the little girl wanted to go and talk to them .
but the little boy didn't think that that was a good idea .
and she grabbed his wrist .
and the little boy was going like this and trying to stay there .
but the little girl pulled him out .
and the aliens heard the little kids .
and they took them to space .
and they dropped them out of the spaceship .
and they got hurt .
the end .
on tuesday (9.) Lisa and Raymond (9.) went home .
and their mom said they could pick a place to go to dinner .
and then they picked Mcdonalds .
and so they both ran into the car .
and their mom <> drove them to Mcdonalds .
and Raymond and their mom both knew what they wanted to eat .
but Lisa didn't .
and so <> finally she figured out what she wanted to eat .
and her brother ordered a happy meal a vanilla shake .
and the mom ordered a salad .
and when Lisa gotta the counter she told the clerk that she wanted a chocolate icecream cone and a happy meal and coke .
and he he said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and when their mom reached for her purse she couldn't find it .
and then she realized that she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one morning when a little boy woke up he looked at his alarm clock .
and it was broken .
and so he woke up a bit late .
but when he went in to to his breakfast he was pouring the milk .
and he was looking up at the clock .
and the milk spilled .
and when when he was tying his <> shoe he had pulled too hard .
and the lace broke .
and by the time he fixed it and went outside the school bus had left .
and so he hadta run to school .
and when he had gotta school his teacher said said he was very late .
and he was very tired .
and his teacher said that he hadta do his work outsides .
and he was very scared .
and xxx .
one sunday <> morning Amy and jack went out to play at the park .
and then after a few hours some part alien part octopus people came .
when Amy was running forward to go pet their dog jack pulled her arm and said to stop because it was too dangerous .
and they could make a turn and shoot aliens .
and so they hid behind a bush .
and then after a little while jack decided to go home and tell their parents about what happened .
and so when they told their parents they said it was pretty hard to believe .
so they went back to the park .
and when they went to the place where they thought the aliens were they saw they weren't there .
so they both thought that they were just images that only they could see because the next day they told their friends about it .
and &*INV:well_good they didn't see the aliens .
and so they spread the news .
and soon everybody stayed in their houses .
and and they never went outside again because they were very very afraid .
once there was <> two kids .
I can't remember the boy's name .
and the girl's name was Jenna .
and their mother asked where do you wanna go for dinner .
and they both screamed Mcdonalds .
and <> their mother drive them to Mcdonalds .
and then when they were ordering their mother forgot their purse .
I can't remember the middle part .
so that they could've drived back .
and got their mother's purse and then drived back .
and kind of forgot the rest .
can you put a little bit more details in it ?
okay .
one day there was a boy who <> his alarm clock woke him up .
and he got scared about it .
and he decided to go to the kitchen and pour some cereal for hisself .
but he realized that time was ten o'clock .
and he was sposta be at school earlier .
so he couldn't eat breakfast .
he hadta rush to his living room put on his shoes and tie xxx .
and when he ran to his busstop he missed the bus .
but but then he hadta walk all the way .
but he was really really really late .
and his teacher was not happy about it .
but then when he told the teacher the truth then that was okay .
and I'm done with my story .
one day there was a mother and a father .
and the mother had friends coming over .
they were aliens .
but their father did not even like them .
but their mother was <> forcing <> his father to go .
<> so the mother told aliens to come in their house .
and the father was all like no no .
and the father started to like them .
and then the aliens just started to move in with them .
and that's the end of my story .
when the kids got home from school they wanted to go out to eat .
and then they screamed out how about we go out to Mcdonalds .
they went to Mcdonalds .
and they asked for food .
but the mom realized that she forgot the <> money .
what's his name ?
can I name him Cindy ?
Cindy was late for school .
he had a bad day .
he spilled milk all over the place .
and he broke his shoelace .
and he couldn't catch the bus .
and he was late for school .
Henry and Maria found some aliens .
Maria wanted to go see them .
but Henry pulled her back .
<> Henry said no they might hurt you .
she did it anyways .
and the aliens caught her .
so she ran back away .
mhm .
and she ran back home .
and <> she wanted to come back the next day to see if they were still there .
and they were .
on tuesday when Raymond and Lisa got home their mother told them we're going out to eat .
where would you like to go ?
Raymond and Lisa both yelled Mcdonalds .
they jumped into the car and drove .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted a happy meal or a hamburger .
I might +...
but Raymond and his mother both knew what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a strawberry shake a cheeseburger and fries .
their mother ordered a salad .
and Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she got a happy meal a chocolate cone and fries .
and then the man said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when their mother reached into her pocket to get her purse it wasn't there .
then she remembered she forgot it on the kitchen table .
one day there was a boy named mike .
he woke up .
and when he looked at the clock he was late .
and then when he was pouring his milk he spilled it all over the table .
he was having a very bad day .
he knew it right from the start .
and when he looked at the clock it was seven thirty .
he was sposta be at school at seven forty .
he had ten minutes to get there .
he was very very very upset because he knew he was probably gonna miss his bus .
when he was tying his shoes his shoelace break .
he got totally mad .
so his shoe was untied the whole day .
when he ran up to the bus stop he yelled wait wait .
come back .
and so he walked to school .
when he got there his teacher looked at her clock and said you are very late .
please explain why .
he explained why .
and his teacher was very proud of him .
he had a test that day .
so so he was late for it .
but anyway she gave him an a-plus because he he woke up at six thirty .
one day there was a girl named summer and a boy named Cody .
they were thirteen years old .
and they went down for a walk to go to the park .
they went through the woods and past the lake down a stream and over some of the logs they usually go down .
but when they gotta the bush that they usually stop at to have their picnic they looked over .
and they saw a ship .
it had writing on it .
they thought it was chinese writing .
but it wasn't .
it was alien [% giggles] .
and summer remembered when she was learning about outer space that their class had told her about the aliens they had saw when they were five .
she didn't believe it .
but when she saw the writing she remembered it said we will come to earth for for vacation .
and she was very surprised that they would come for vacation .
when the door opened Cody grabbed summer and backed her up .
summer's like let go of me .
I wanna see them .
and then finally she gotta .
they were pink aliens with blue spots all over them .
there was an alien dad an alien mom and an alien little girl .
and there was even an alien dog .
the dog looked like a broken up <> robot with hair on it .
summer laughed so hard the aliens almost heard her .
when the door closed and it blasted off back into space summer and Cody watched it until they couldn't see it anymore .
they aliens like zee@c choo@c arahun@c deno@c [% alien language] .
0 .
<> summer she said to Cody <> Cody I think I remember what this means .
and Cody was like what !
he was shaking in fear .
oh I don't know .
maybe that means they hafta go to the bathroom .
and Cody's like you're kidding .
0 .
so the aliens weed [% giggles] .
the aliens didn't mean to do that .
they were finding a camp spot to to unload their stuff .
when they unloaded their <> stuff the little girl went out looking for something to eat .
when she found the stream her eyes lit up .
and fire came all over .
when she zapped all the fish came <> swimming toward her .
and then when she was fishing she caught almost all the fish in the stream .
and when she came back she saw summer and Cody .
and she freaked out and ran back to her mother and told her all about it .
her mother didn't believe it .
she said to her little girl in alien language [% giggles] there are no living life forms on this planet .
we have made serious information about it .
and we have planed .
and we have seen there is nothing on this earth .
well at least on this place for three centuries .
but I really saw them said the little alien girl .
and she screamed and cried .
and then her mother said okay let's go find them .
and then when summer and Cody heard this they ran back home .
and they never saw the aliens again .
what happened to the aliens was the little girl and the mother looked all around .
they didn't see anything .
what happened was instead of seeing the humans they saw a dog a real one .
and they freaked out .
they called the ship to come back .
and they ran inside .
and the ship flew off .
the end .
one day Lisa and the little boy went +...
then <> their mom asked where they wanted to go eat .
and they wanted to go eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went .
and when they got there they ordered .
but Lisa couldn't find out what she wanted to order .
and her brother he ordered a milkshakes or something like that .
and (5.) the clerk asked for twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom left the bag at home .
I try but I can't remember it .
Tom <> one day got out of his bed .
and he saw what time it was for school .
and he looked at the clock .
and he was late .
so he went to the kitchen and made <> some breakfast .
and he spilled the milk everywhere .
and after that he went to go get his clothes on .
and his shoelace broke off .
and he was having a hard time .
and by the time he got outside to the bus the bus already left .
so when he gotta school his teacher was mad [% child coughs] .
there .
one day Tom and Emmy went to a park with their mom and dad .
and Tom and Emmy saw something in the air .
and it landed on the ground .
and it looked like a spaceship with some weird writing on it [% child coughs] .
and some aliens came out with a weird looking dog .
and there was two <> boys and two girls and a boy dog [% child coughs] .
and when they saw them they got scared .
but the little girl Emmy went to go see for herself .
but she tried to bring Tom with her .
but Tom wouldn't come .
and her mom and dad didn't see it all .
and they went back to go tell their mom and dad .
and they didn't believe it either .
so what happened is they went back to show them .
and all the aliens were gone .
and the ship was gone too .
mhm .
Lisa and Raymond asked mother where do you wanna eat tonight ?
and they said Mcdonalds .
and their mother said it was okay .
then they went out to eat at Mcdonalds .
and <> Lisa got a chocolate icecream cone a coke and a happy meal .
and <> Raymond got a vanilla shake and a cheeseburger and fries .
it costed twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
their mother looked for her purse .
and she saw that it wasn't there .
then they went back home and got the purse and came back .
Garrett got out of bed one morning and poured hisself some milk .
he tried to pour hisself some milk .
and it accidently poured out of the bowl .
&*INV:its_okay when Garrett tried to tie his shoe his shoelace broke off .
when his shoelace broke off he felt very mad .
Raymond was late to catch the school bus because he didn't wake up on time .
and when he gotta school it was almost eight fifteen .
and the teacher was waiting outside the door for him .
then he showed up at eight sixteen because he hadta walk to school .
one day two kids were walking in the forest .
they saw some spaceship land on the grass .
then something came out .
it looked like an alien with eight legs .
it had a dog with four and a very fluffy tail with long hair on its back .
it had a bigger collar than its neck .
and it had like a mane on a horse .
there were two boy alien and two girl aliens .
they looked like they were coming down to earth from a spaceship .
when the spaceship landed they all came out with luggage .
xxx xxx it looked like they were moving into the forest .
they were wearing normal clothing except for the dad .
the dad was wearing pants with eight legs .
the mom was wearing a dress .
the girl was wearing a shirt and a skirt .
the other boy was wearing a shirt and pants like his dad .
that's it .
they wanted to eat at Mcdonalds .
and the mom got her purse .
and that all .
okay .
he woke up .
and then he he ate some cereal .
and then he tied his shoe .
and he broke it .
and he missed the bus .
and then he hadta walk to school .
once upon a time a little octopuses walking down to sit on their bench .
and these two were afraid because they saw it .
and and her didn't be afraid because her liked the octopuses .
and he doesn't because she doesn't want her to get all poisonous on him because under a octopuses them have little tactac@o things in there .
and them could put you poisonous on you .
that's the end .
tuesday Raymond and his sister were walking home from school .
and their mother asked them where would they like to eat .
and they both screamed out Mcdonalds .
and when they gotta Mcdonalds Raymond asked for a a hamburger a coke and vanilla <> milkshake .
and his sister asked for a a happy meal with coke with a chocolate icecream cone .
and then that cost twenty cents and five dollars .
and their mother realized that she left her money on the kitchen counter .
and that +...
and you asked me a question that said at the end .
I forgot .
but you did ask me a question .
one night this boy named David he got so frustrated because he woke up very late .
and he spilled his milk at breakfast .
and his shoelace broke .
and he was late for the bus .
and he got late for school .
and the principal said that he hadta get a tardy .
a tardy .
one day in California <> there was a boy and a girl that they were brothers and sister .
and and the boy was named David and the girl was named Sally .
Sally and David went one day to the park .
and they saw aliens from outer space .
Sally wanted to go touch the aliens .
but David stopped her .
she said they may be contagious .
<> or they may be scared of you .
and then they went home to tell their parents what all happened .
they went back to go +...
their parents said said it was pretty weird idea .
they said they could prove it .
they went back saw only slithers of alien goo .
and their parents said it was just a snail .
then they went back home watched tv and saw their ship .
the aliens went inside .
the parents gasped and fainted .
the aliens said hi .
we saw you spying on us .
please stop .
don't tell anyone this okay .
and then they had a little party with the aliens .
and the aliens went back home .
after Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat today .
where would you like to go ?
Mcdonalds Mcdonalds they both shouted .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and Lisa wanted chicken nuggets or +...
a whatever .
and Raymond wanted +...
Raymond and his mom knew exactly what they wanted .
Raymond ordered a a burger extra fries a large vanilla milkshake .
and their mom ordered a salad .
and the person at the cash register said that it would be twelve dollars and twenty five cents .
but their their mom didn't have her purse with them .
and that's all I know .
once there was a boy named Mikey .
and um +...
he +...
once there was a boy named Mikey .
and he slept in early when he wasn't sposta .
and he was still so tired while he was pouring his milk in his cereal <> bowl .
the milk splattered everywhere .
and and he had a fit with his shoe .
and his shoelace tore off .
and then when he went outside he was one minute late for the school bus .
and and then his teacher said you are tardy .
and that's all I know .
once two kids were playing in the park .
and and suddenly there was a flying saucer .
and it landed right in the middle of the park .
and it was a whole family of aliens and their dog .
and they were so scared that they climbed up a tree as fast as they could .
and then they said don't be afraid .
we're not gonna hurt you .
and then they all just played together .
that's all I know .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mother said we're going to eat out tonight .
<> then she said where would you like to go .
they said Mcdonalds .
so they hoped into the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Raymond and the mother knew knew what they were gonna get .
but Lisa didn't .
she wanted either a happy meal or +...
I forget .
and <> when she decided she wanted a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and the checkout lady said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
when the mother reached down to get her purse it wasn't there .
then she realized she had left it on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Sam .
(4.) and it was no +...
on monday morning Sam woke up and went downstairs to eat breakfast .
when he was pouring the milk into his bowl he spilled the milk and chipped the bowl .
then Sam got dressed and started to put his shoes on .
but while he was tying the laces on his shoes one of the laces came off .
Sam got angry .
then he ran to the school bus .
but he missed it .
so he hadta walk all the way to school .
and he was late .
once upon a time there was a little alien named Franchesca .
she wanted to explore the real world .
but her parents wouldn't let her go .
but one day they decided they wanted to explore the real world too .
so they got into their airplane and and started flying .
but when they landed they had landed in a park .
two park rangers started screaming .
but one of them liked the idea .
she wanted to go and see what they were doing .
but the other park ranger wouldn't let her .
when Franchesca saw the two park rangers she told her parents .
they said that's why you shouldn't explore the real world .
then they went home .
on tuesday Lisa +...
uh hard .
can you make [% talks very softly] ?
[ their mom said that they're gonna go out to eat .
where do you wanna go ?
and then Lisa [% clears throat] and her brother they yelled out Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car .
and the mom drived .
when they gotta the restaurant they ordered .
Lisa ordered .
and Lisa didn't know if she wanted a Big_Mac or a &=sighs +...
but the mom and the brother knew what they wanted to order .
[^ clears throat] the brother wanted to order the hamburger and the fries &*INV:mhm and the chocolate shake .
and the mom ordered +...
and so I don't remember but &=sighs .
and so the mom reached down to get the money .
but it wasn't there .
she left it on the counter .
Abel woke up and saw what time it was .
so Abel went to get some cereal .
but then he spilled the milk .
so he went to get his clothes .
hm:: ?
so he ate his cereal .
and then he got ready .
and then he broke his shoelace .
so he went to get +...
and then he took some tape and put it on .
and then he tied his shoe .
and then he went to go to the busstop .
but then the bus left without him .
and so he hadta walk to school .
and the teacher said you are late .
Jaden and Brooke went to the park .
they wanna have a picnic .
but then they they saw a spaceship came with suitcases and a dog and a little kid and a mom and dad and a sister .
so Daniel I mean &=sighs +...
I'm going to change my name to angelica .
angelica wanted to get out of the bushes .
and Abel didn't wanna because he saw the aliens .
so angelica just stayed in .
but Abel wanted to go home .
but that's the way to go home from him .
so angelica and Abel <> ran out of the park .
and the aliens saw them .
and they said hi .
but when they said hi they ran faster and faster and faster until they got home .
when they got home they told their mom and dad .
mom dad there's aliens in the park .
so they went to the park .
and they never saw it .
the end .
Lisa and I forget the brother's name .
Lisa and her brother's mom said we're going out to dinner tonight .
where would you like to go ?
and they both shouted Mcdonalds .
so then their mom drive to the closest Mcdonalds .
and then the little girl didn't know what to order .
but her mom and her brother already knew what they were going to order .
her brother was going to order a cheeseburger and a large strawberry milkshake and some french fries .
and <> her mom was going to order some salad .
then she finally knew what she was going to order .
she said to the clerk she was going to have a happy meal and a vanilla icecream cone .
and the clerk said that would be twenty dollars and fifty cents .
then the mom reached into her purse .
but it wasn't there .
so then she remembered that she left it on the kitchen counter at home .
the little woke out of bed .
then he saw that he was late for school .
he kept looking at the clock when he was pouring his cereal .
then actually poured too much milk .
and he poured it on the table .
then he tried tying his shoes .
but his shoelace broke .
and then when he got outside the bus was already leaving .
and then when he gotta school his teacher said you're late .
once there was a little girl and boy .
and they were walking down a trail .
but then they saw a spaceship landed on the ground .
and then they saw aliens coming out of it .
and the little girl wanted to go and see them .
but her brother wouldn't let her .
and they had an alien dog .
and to the little girl they lookeded [: looked] [* m:+ed] nice .
but the boy was scared of aliens .
.
they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
and they wanted to eat there .
and mom left her purse there at home .
so the children couldn't eat .
but Lisa she wanted a lot of things that cost twelve dollars .
but her mom didn't have it .
john couldn't get on the bus because he had a hard time in the morning .
he couldn't get out of bed .
he couldn't stir his cereal .
he couldn't tie his shoes .
he couldn't get ready for the bus or go to school .
there were two people including a dog .
and they're real people .
and some were aliens .
and some were nice people .
the people that were there were not very nice to aliens because they didn't make good friends .
that when they come out of school the mom said where do you wanna go eat .
and they they had got their mom and said that they wanna go to Mcdonalds .
and they went .
and then they buy something to eat .
and then their mom said that it didn't have no money to buy some .
and (11.) they went back home .
he waked up &*INV:okay and saw the clock .
and he say he was late .
and he went to eat .
but he made a mess .
and the clock was going on .
and he was trying to tie his shoe .
but the tie broke .
and he he was ready .
and then the bus leaved because he was too late .
the sister wanted to come .
and the brother said no because they're not gonna know what your saying .
and then he stopped .
and then the girl didn't wanted to touch the dog .
and the momma of the Chinos were getting off the plane or ship .
&*INV:go_ahead and they they hadded [: had] [* m:+ed] a dog .
and then the girl go with her friend .
the girl wanted to came back &*INV:okay and touch the puppy or a dog .
and his brother said no because the girl was holding the hand of his brother .
and the brother said no because they might be scared and hit you .
on tuesday Raymond and <> Susan's mother told them they're gonna eat somewhere .
<> she asked them where they wanted to eat .
they both shouted Mcdonalds .
at Mcdonalds Susan couldn't decide what she wanted .
Raymond and his mother already <> knew .
Raymond wanted the cheeseburger and a vanilla shake .
their mother wanted the salad .
Susan does just found out what she just wanted .
she said she wanted a happy meal .
the clerk said it was twelve dollars and fifty cents .
the problem was that she forgot her purse on the kitchen table .
what do you think they should do ?
I think they should go back home and get the purse because without the money they can't buy the food .
and you know that because I already said that .
so I guess they're gonna make the food while they get the purse because the wallet is inside where the purse and the money is inside the wallet .
once there was this boy named Tom .
he had a really difficult day .
when he woke up his alarm clock ringed so loud it gave him a headache .
at breakfast time he he spilled his milk all over the place .
he had a hard times tying his shoes .
and he was late for school .
when he arrived at school <> the principal said that he was <> very late .
he hadta go in the principal's office .
and the principal asked him a few questions why he was late .
Tom said he was late because he he had a really difficult day .
he told him about the milk the shoes and him being late and also about his headache .
the principal understood .
she just let him have detention for one hour .
but he was still going to a next grade .
the end .
I call this story The_Aliens_Who_Came_To_Earth .
one day in may second some aliens came to earth .
there was a boy and a girl watching .
the girl's name was Lisa .
the boy's name was Jonathan .
Jonathan was scared of them .
but Lisa wasn't .
they saw an alien dog that really looked ugly .
they saw a whole alien family .
they wondered how it would be .
Jonathan was really scared but not Lisa .
brave old Lisa went over there and asked them .
the aliens stared .
they just grabbed her and brought her back into the spaceship .
Jonathan followed .
john help screamed screamed <> Lisa .
john was right in there when the doors closed .
the spaceship flew off .
Lisa and Jonathan were trapped .
how will they get out ?
this was a bad thing .
Lisa was crying .
I should have not <> went over here said Lisa in a crying voice .
john stared at her or Jonathan .
and he saw a rope by the window .
wait he said I think I have an idea .
he opened the window .
and the rope was long enough to go down .
they slid down the rope to the ground .
they ran home as fast as they could .
they told their parents about the the aliens .
they <> thought it was just a dream .
they thought they were just being weird and crazy .
but they really said the truth .
the grandpa grandma mother father and the little baby sister and brother went over .
the spaceship was gone .
<> it was nowhere in sight .
they told them they had really seen aliens .
oh oh I wish I hadn't done that said Lisa in a worried voice .
her voice was as squeaky as a mouse .
john's voice was low as a tuba .
[^ giggles] I'm just kidding .
it was just squeaky as hers .
but the aliens voice were low as a tuba .
the spaceship was really loud .
nearly broke their heads off .
after the trip home they ate their dinner went to bed .
and this was the end .
and they never saw the aliens again .
the end .
thank you .
Lisa and her brother ?
mom said we're going out to eat .
mom said where do you wanna eat today .
<> Lisa and her brother screamed <> Mcdonalds .
and so they got in the car and went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
her brother <> he said +...
Lisa could not figure out what she wanted .
she said a happy meal or a happy meal &=laughs .
and her brother asked for a cheeseburger french <> fries and a vanilla milkshake with a coke .
her mother asked for a salad .
Lisa finally made up her decision .
I want a happy meal with french fries and a vanilla icecream cone and a coke .
but when he said how much it cost when Lisa and her brother's mom reached down to get her purse it wasn't there .
she had left it at the kitchen counter .
when Max got out of the bed he didn't feel very good .
when he went to get his milk and his cereal he looked at the time .
when he wasn't looking his milk spilled out of the bowl .
when he was trying to do his shoelace it broke in half .
but when he got outside the bus was already going .
but when he gotta school he was late .
one boy and girl one day went to the park .
they saw a spaceship landing down .
when that door opened they saw a strange family come out .
they could never figure out what they were .
until when they said something they they could tell .
they were aliens .
&=sighs on tuesday Lisa and her +...
I forgot her brother's name .
I can't pronounce it that well .
but Lisa and her brother got home .
and their mother said they're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
so &=sighs Lisa and her brother <> both yelled out Mcdonalds .
so their mother got in the car and drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
when they got there <> Lisa's brother and the mother both knew what they wanted .
but Lisa didn't yet .
so Lisa's brother and her mother ordered first .
and their mother got a salad .
Lisa's brother got a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
and finally Lisa knew what she wanted .
she wanted a kidsmeal with a coke and a chocolate cone .
and she so +...
and the guy at the register register said that would be twelve fifty .
so the mother went to get her purse .
but it wasn't there .
she realized that she left her purse on the kitchen counter at home .
so what do you think they should do ?
I think that they should go home and get it .
um what are the who are the +/.
okay I gotta think of a name .
um is this sposta be a boy or a girl ?
um it can be a girl .
Lisa like the one at Mcdonald Mcdonalds .
Lisa woke up one morning .
she hadta go to school .
she was tired .
and her alarm clock didn't go .
so she woke up .
she looked at that clock .
and she got her breakfast .
and she accidently poured too much stuff in .
she spilled and made a mess .
and she put too much of <> breakfast in her bowl .
so she hadta finish it all .
and she didn't finish it in time .
then she hadta get her shoes on and get dressed .
so she got her shoes on .
then her shoelace got undone or something .
her shoelace snapped .
then she tied her shoe with a short shoelace .
then as soon as she went out to sidewalk where her bus goes she missed the bus .
and the bus was just going .
so she hadta walk to school .
<> and her backpack was very heavy .
and she didn't wanna miss the bus that day .
so she walked to school .
she tried to go as fast as she could .
but she was really tired because she was sleepy and her backpack was way to full .
so when she gotta school the principal was standing at the door .
and the principal said how come you're late Lisa .
and she said I had lots of problems this morning .
and one of my biggest problems was that my alarm clock didn't ring .
so the principal understood .
and so the principal forgave her .
and she went into class and told her teacher what happened .
then her teacher forgave her .
and she had a good day .
one day a boy and a girl name Annie and john went off to the park .
when they got there it was a warm day .
and it was in the summer .
and when they got there they saw something really weird .
they saw some aliens .
the aliens came off from a space shuttle .
and they had a pet alien or something .
and so Annie wasn't afraid .
she wanted to go .
but john was pulling her arm .
and she was pulling his to go over there .
and <> he was pulling her back .
so Annie pulled him over .
and they asked what their names were .
Annie told them .
and they &=sighs +...
this story isn't gonna be long .
okay and they all were nice to each other .
and they all became friends .
and they played in the park and stuff .
and the mother's name was Mary .
father's name was Joe or something .
and the little girl's name was seven legs [% giggles] .
one day Emily and chuck were coming home from school .
and their mom asked where do you wanna eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
so she got in the car .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and her mom said what do you_all want ?
and then chuck said I want a Big_Kids_Meal chocolate shake and french fries .
Emily said I want a kidsmeal a chocolate icecream cone and french fries .
and their mom had a salad .
and she reached down to get her purse .
and she didn't see it there .
so that's it .
do you want me to tell my title first ?
okay it's Late_for_school .
this boy named nick he got up from school .
and he found out that he was late .
he tried to get in a hurry .
but he started to spill his milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
and he missed the bus .
and then he went to school .
and the principal Miss_lebrecht was standing outside the door and said you are late for school .
better get back in class and go do your work .
The_Aliens_That_Came_To_Earth .
okay one day a boy and a girl were walking down to the park .
and they saw a spaceship coming down that had a sign on it .
and they didn't know what it meant .
and then aliens with eight legs started to come out .
and a girl that was an alien had a dog in her hands .
the dog had fur and a fur tail on .
and he was looking over at the bench .
and this family was coming out .
and then there was an alien that was in there and started to wave .
and the spaceship went back up .
so the girl and the boy went out to see the aliens .
and the boy said no no .
and then the girl just kept on walking .
they came home from school .
and the mother asked they're going out to eat .
and the mother said where do you wanna go .
and both of the children said Mcdonalds .
and they hoped in the car .
and <> drove to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and sorry I forgot the girl's name .
Sally <> didn't know what to get .
but the mom and the +...
can't remember the boy's name .
the mom and the son knew what to order .
and when they gotta the counter they knew what to order .
and <> the son said I'll have a Big_Kids_Meal cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla <> milkshake .
and the mom got a salad .
and finally the daughter knew what to order .
and she said a happy meal .
and she wanted a vanilla icecream cone with a coke .
and then she wanted a happy meal .
and the waitress said that will be twenty nine dollars and twenty nine cents .
and the mom when she reached into her purse she knew that the purse was left on the kitchen table at home .
and the mom wrote a check .
the daughter's name was Rachel .
and the son's name was +...
I forget the son's name .
and the son's name was Matt .
and [% tape malfunctions] um I can't remember .
once there was a boy that got up .
and he was late for school .
and he went in the kitchen with his nightclothes on and poured some milk .
then he got dressed and put on his shoes .
and then his shoelace broke .
and then he was ready to go out for the bus .
and the bus already passed to pick up the other kids .
and the bus was already at school .
and the boy was late for school because he was late for the bus because he got up too early .
and and the person that was standing outside the door told him he was too late for school .
ten and that he was too late for school .
that's all I can think of .
once there were these people that came down in a ship to the park to play .
and there were these two people there .
and the girl wanted to pet the doggy .
but the dad <> didn't want her too .
but the girl was pulling him .
and the dad knew what they were .
but the girl didn't .
because the dad knew what they <> looked like .
and they were aliens .
because the girl thought they weren't and they were people .
and the girl thought the dog <> looked nice because the doggy looked like a real one .
that's all I can think of for this story .
I forgot .
in the story after they got home and their mother said we are going out to eat today .
and and she said where do yall wanna go eat .
and they said Mcdonalds .
and they went to the nearest Mcdonalds .
and they ordered two happy meals two fries two drinks and one milkshake and one icecream and one salad .
and when she reached to her purse for twelve dollars and fifty cents she had left her purse at home on the kitchen counter .
once there was a boy named Kevin .
he he was late for school .
and he got up late because he didn't not set his alarm clock .
this morning when he woke up to fix his breakfast he found out it was spoiled milk .
and he couldn't use use it .
so he hadta get his sister's milk .
next he was trying to tie his shoe .
he pulled his shoelaces and hit his knee .
and he didn't have anything to tie his shoes with .
and then when he didn't have anything to tie his shoes with before he gotta the door he tripped .
he missed the school bus .
the school bus was already leaving by the time he got there (2.) .
now he hasta walk .
when he gotta school his teacher was mad at him because he was late .
and he was sad because he did all those things and missed the bus .
and when he got into class everybody was doing doing the second project .
once there was a a town where these aliens live in outer space .
and they moved to Texas .
and this girl name Lisa went to the park .
and their ship had landed at the park .
and her brother named Kevin was scared to go .
but she was happy to go .
and the aliens stopped .
the the breeze was nice because it was like summer .
and leafs wasn't falling .
and they thought they they could take a good swim .
and Lisa thought that she could play with the aliens .
but her brother <> didn't think she should play with the aliens .
but she thought it was a good idea .
he thought it wasn't .
and they had a little dog .
he was real furry and stuff .
and she wanted to play with the dog .
and he didn't think it was a nice thing to play with the dog .
and now when the spaceship landed the lady that was doing all the stuff and helping them get they stuff moved waved goodbye and took the ship up back to space .
they didn't stay outside a long time or they will melt .
their spots will come off .
and they won't be real aliens .
but the dog could because it would have air lots of breeze .
and it would have lots of food .
if the dog went away the girl could see him out the window .
the alien's mom thought that if Lisa <> came over there that her daughter wouldn't play with her .
but the brother was really scared to go .
and when Lisa pulled his hand +...
and she left it .
and her brother put back back .
Kevin ran home .
she stayed playing with the alien's daughter .
and when he get home he hid under his pet .
when his mother asked house on the market Kevin had said it some aliens that moved into town .
and Lisa's playing with the dog and the daughter .
the end .
on tuesday there was a mother .
and she said why don't we go out to eat .
and Lisa and Terom &*INV:okay they jumped up and <> said they wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and they drove to Mcdonalds .
when they got there Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
her brother did .
but she didn't .
and then she decided .
she wanted a happy meal and a vanilla <> milkshake with a coke .
and then the cashier said that would be twelve fifty .
and then Lisa noticed that her mom left the purse back at the house on the counter .
and they didn't know what to do .
there was this kid named Joey .
he woke up .
there once was kid named Joey .
he woke up .
and then he knew he had school .
so he went downstairs made breakfast for himself .
and he had cereal .
and then he spilled his milk .
and then he got dressed .
so he he cleaned up his mess then got dressed .
then he tied his shoes .
and then a shoelace snapped .
so he <> tried to tie his shoe .
<> a small shoelace and a long shoelace .
and he went outside .
he got his bookbag and then went outside to the bus stop .
and he missed the bus .
so he decided to walk to school .
and <> his teacher was waiting outside the door .
and then his teacher said he was late for school .
so he felt bad .
once there was this brother and sister .
they heard this sound .
so they went back to the park to see if the sound was coming from there .
and then they saw this yellow thing up in the sky .
and then it go closer and closer .
so then they saw that it was a spaceship .
and then they saw aliens walking out .
it was a whole family a dog a kid a mother and a father .
and and the girl named Michelle she wanted to go say hi to them .
but Joe <> grabbed her arm and said no .
so she was like alright alright .
and then they went home to tell their parents the story .
and their parents said I don't believe you .
but they said we could prove it .
so they brought their parents to the place they saw them .
and then their parents saw the spaceship .
and then their parents said cool I can't believe this .
and then the mother said I'm going home to get the camera .
and she went home to get their camera .
and then she came back .
and then she filmed the aliens and the spaceship .
so she put it on tv .
and everybody came to their house and said wow how did you film that .
they went to Mcdonalds .
they ordered some food .
and the mom ordered salad .
but she forgot her purse .
and they were in trouble I think .
and so they went back home real quick and got the purse and went back to Mcdonalds .
he woke up .
he was getting breakfast .
his shoelaces got untied .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school .
so then he woke up again got ready .
and his shoelace broke again .
he missed the bus .
and he was late for school again !
a little girl took her brother to the park .
and then a spaceship came down .
and there were aliens coming down .
and they were going to have a picnic .
and they were going to play and eat .
and then they're going back home .
but they were harmless aliens .
that's all I got .
there was a boy and a girl and their mom .
and their mom said we're going out to dinner .
and she asked the kids where do you wanna go ?
and then they both yelled Mcdonalds .
and then they drove to Mcdonalds .
and then Lisa couldn't remember what she wanted .
and the boy he knew what he wanted .
and the mom did .
the mom wanted a salad I think .
and the boy wanted coke with a cheeseburger and fries .
and Lisa finally remembered what she wanted .
and it was a happy meal with +...
the boy had a vanilla milkshake I mean .
and then Lisa finally remembered what she wanted .
and then it was a kidsmeal .
and then she had coke with a chocolate <> icecream cone .
and then the manager said it would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
and the mom looked in her purse .
and she's forgot her wallet on the kitchen counter .
<> once upon a time there was this boy .
and he woke up late .
and he did everything wrong .
he poured too much milk .
and he broke his shoelace .
and he missed the bus .
and then he came in late to school .
once upon a time there was two children .
and one of the children wanted to +...
and a spaceship landed down I mean .
and these squids came out .
and the girl wanted to go see them .
and they had a goat .
and she scared them away .
there once was two kids that were coming home from school .
and their mother asked them we're going out for dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
and they both screamed at the same time Mcdonalds .
so they hoped in the car .
and when they came into the restaurant Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond and <> their mom knew exactly what they were going to order .
<> Raymond ordered french fries a cheeseburger and a vanilla milkshake .
their mother ordered salad .
and then finally Lisa decided <> what she wanted .
she ordered a happy meal a coke and a chocolate icecream .
and the clerk said that would be twelve dollars and fifty cents .
as their mother reached down to get her purse she saw that it wasn't there .
she had left it at home .
one day a little boy got out of bed .
and he was having a really bad day .
when he poured his milk into his cereal bowl it fell all over because he wasn't looking what he was doing .
then when he was tying his shoes to get to school his shoelace broke .
and what he did was he probably unlaced them and walked into school with one laced and one unlaced .
his teacher said what happened to your laces .
and he said it broke .
and so then as soon as he got home he went to get a new pair of shoelaces .
once there was a alien ship that landed in the middle of a picnic spot where two children were about to eat in a park it looks like .
and as soon as the alien family got off the girls wanted to meet them .
and so she was running .
but the boy grabbed her hand because he didn't want her to go .
and then the ship took off .
and the alien family sat down at the only picnic table that was free .
and so they didn't get to go to their picnic .
tuesday .
can't remember .
asked to go out to eat .
they went to Mcdonalds .
they ordered .
Raymond ordered a chocolate icecream cone happy meal .
and then they forgot their money at home on the table .
boy woke up .
and he was fixing cereal .
and then he was gonna tie his shoes .
and then he went outside .
and his school bus was leaving .
he hadta walk to school .
and he went in class .
the end .
there was a ship .
and there was aliens inside it .
and her brother named Cody .
and Cody's sister wanted to go see the aliens .
but Cody said no .
and he pulled his sister named Debbie .
and they +...
and she's going to go see it to say hi to the aliens .
the end .
um I can't remember the first part .
when Lisa and Raymond got home from school their mom said we're going out to eat for dinner tonight .
<> where would you like to eat ?
Mcdonalds yelled Raymond and Lisa .
so they went to Mcdonalds .
and they ordered something .
but Lisa didn't know what to order .
Raymond and their mom knew what to order .
Raymond ordered a large cheeseburger and <> a milkshake and fries .
and their mom ordered a salad &=laughs .
and Lisa knew what she wanted now .
she wanted a kidsmeal with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
and and the waiter said that would be twelve dollars and fifteen cents .
and their mom said okay .
but she forgot her purse on the kitchen counter .
and <> they went back home .
and they got in the Carline again .
that was a long story .
the end .
the kid +...
the alarm clock rang .
and the kid went ahh@c what's happening .
where am I ?
oh I'm at home .
and when he gotta kitchen to eat breakfast he spilled his milk .
and when he got dressed and <> was gonna tie his shoes a shoelace broke .
and he missed the school bus .
and he was late for school .
the end .
two kids were in the park .
and they saw some aliens .
so the girl said come on let's go .
and the boy said I don't think that's a good idea .
and the girl said but look they have a cute little dog .
and the boy said I don't think that's a dog .
and the girl said of course it is .
and they had eight legs .
and a weird looking dog and stuff .
and I don't know what planet they're from .
but it looks like they're from mars .
the end .
one day the the kids came home from school school .
and their mother asked where should we go out for dinner tonight ?
and the kids both said Mcdonalds .
and Lisa couldn't decide what she wanted .
and and when they got there the brother and the mother both <> knew what they wanted .
the mother wanted a salad .
and when the person said that will be twelve dollars and twenty five cents she reached for her purse .
but it wasn't there .
okay .
I'm ready .
I hafta do tell the story to you ?
one day Nettie woke woke up look at his alarm clock .
and he was like oh my gosh I'm late .
at breakfast he spilled his milk all over his arm arm .
and he knew this was gonna be a bad day .
then when he was tying his shoe his shoelace broke .
and that made him really annoyed .
and he missed his bus for school .
so he hadta walk there .
and the principal was outside pointing to her watch .
and and she was like you're ten minutes late .
and he'd hafta get a late pass .
the end .
once upon a time mickey and Daniel were playing in the park .
until they saw something hovering in the sky .
then Daniel said perhaps it's a bird .
then Michelle said perhaps it's a plane .
then Daniel said it's a spaceship .
run .
and they hid behind a bush .
and out came weird looking aliens and a weird looking dog .
then the father alien said let's stay here for our vacation .
and then Michelle said let's go meet them .
then Daniel was like no no no .
don't go .
don't go .
then Michelle was like alright .
and then they started to set up inflatable house .
and they put on human disguises .
and so did their dog .
and then after two weeks weeks the house was gone .
spaceship came back down .
the aliens took off their disguises went back in in blasted off into space .
then Daniel said they're gone .
we can go out to the park now .
one day when Raymond and Lisa got back home from school their mom told them we're going out to dinner tonight .
where do you wanna go ?
they said Mcdonalds .
one day xxx got out of bed .
he went to go make his cereal .
but he spilled the milk because his milk had a hole in it .
and he tried to get dressed .
but his xxx xxx xxx xxx .
and he missed the bus .
and when he gotta school his teacher said you're late .
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who saw aliens getting out of a ship and going to have a picnic at the park .
where they got their xxx for their ship .
there was a girl named Lisa and a boy named um I forget .
and they both screamed Mcdonalds at the same time and got in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
and everybody decided but Lisa .
and the mother wanted a salad .
the boy wanted a a cheeseburger and a drink and a milkshake .
the girl got a a burger with coke and a chocolate icecream cone .
The_Bad_Day .
a boy named <> Billy got up in the morning .
he was late .
he ate breakfast .
and the milk spilled on his cereal and dripped on the floor .
then when he started tying his +...
after he got dressed when he tied his shoes a shoelace broke off .
then he ran to go to the bus .
but the bus wasn't there anymore .
then he ran all the way to school .
his teacher saw him and gave him a good job .
first off she gave him a goody .
once upon a time a little girl , .
Lisa and boy named Gudrick went off to the park to play .
then they saw this thing .
<> they thought that it was just a toy .
but aliens were inside .
and then when aliens walked out there was a a mother and a father and a little girl and a dog .
the boy was scared .
but the girl wasn't .
the girl had +...
then the aliens got scared and ran away all around everywhere and then got back in the spaceship and left then .
Mary and her brother was at school .
and they came home .
and the the mother said where do yall wanna eat .
and the children yelled out Mcdonalds .
and they went to Mcdonalds .
and Mary ordered a chocolate shake .
and the mother ordered the salad .
and it was a dollar and fifty cent .
and the mother left her purse at home .
once upon a time there was a little boy .
he was in the bed asleep .
and he had a breakfast .
and he he had spilled the milk .
and and then he had got dressed for school and put on his shoes .
and the bus had went by his house .
and he hadta chase the bus .
and when he had gotta school he was looking sad because his hat was messed up .
and he had walked in the door .
and the the teacher saw him .
and he was late for school .
the end .
once upon a time it was this girl and her brother .
they had walked in the woods and saw squids .
and the little girl start running .
and the brother said no stop and grabbed her hand .
and they was waving at one they family .
and the little girl was holding the puppy .
and the father he was holding the <> suitcase and the sleeping bag .
and xxx xxx +...
and the airplane had left when the person on the plane had waved goodbye .
and then they had a picnic .
and the picnic was very very fun .
the end .
