Raymond and Lisa got home from school .
and their mother asked them about what they thought about eating out .
and they said that they should go eat at Mcdonalds .
so they went .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake .
their mother had a salad .
Lisa ordered a happy meal with a chocolate shake .
their mother didn't have their purse .
so they couldn't pay for it .
Tim woke up on monday morning .
he woke up to find that he had broken one of his stuffed animals .
then while he was pouring milk into his bowl he spilled it while looking at the clock .
then when he tried to tie his shoes one of the laces broke off .
he didn't seem to be able to do anything right that morning .
he was late on the school bus .
when he walked to school he was very late .
he had learned a valuable lesson .
no .
Dan and Rachel went to the park one fine saturday day .
it was very sunny .
they were looking for a special flower for their mother for it was Mothers_day .
and they peered through the bushes .
they heard a faint sound .
it was coming closer and closer and closer .
they peaked over the bushes .
it was a u_f_o .
when it touched the ground aliens came out an alien girl with a dog an alien mother holding the girl's hand and an alien father .
Rachel wanted to see them .
but instead Dan tried to pull her away .
Dan was afraid that they were enemies .
but Rachel knew that they were not .
Rachel pulled Dan as hard as she could .
and then finally with the last tug she got him off the ground .
she ran over to the aliens to greet them .
but they only said a different language .
she couldn't understand .
then the dog barked and growled .
and the girl screamed .
the father took out a very very very big gun and almost shot at them .
but they were scared enough .
so they ran and ran all the way home .
they told their mother .
and their mother said why don't you look in the library to see stuff about u_f_os .
and so they did .
they found a book with pictures of real u_f_os .
they found a picture of that very same ship with the dog the girl the mother and the father coming out .
they decided that they should think about things before they run over or to look at them .