one day after Raymond and Lisa got home from school their mother said today we're going out to eat .
now where do you wanna go ?
and Lisa and Raymond wanted to go to Mcdonalds .
so they went in the car and drove to Mcdonalds .
Lisa couldn't decide if she wanted to have a Big_Mac or a happy meal .
Raymond ordered a cheeseburger a milkshake and fries I think .
and and then Lisa finally made up her +...
and the mother ordered salad .
Lisa finally made up her mind .
and she ordered coke and a salad .
that will be twelve dollars and fifty cents said the clerk .
but then when the mother reached out to get her purse it was gone .
she realized she had left it on the kitchen table at home .
one day Andrew woke up and realized it was very late .
so he hurried with +...
well it was very late .
and he would be tardy for school .
so he hadta hurry up .
but since he hurried he wasn't careful .
when he poured the milk in his cereal bowl he spilled a_lot .
and later when he wanted to tie his shoes he ripped off the shoelace .
and then later he had missed the school bus .
so he became tardy at school .
it's called Friendly_Aliens .
one day Mark and Tina went to play in the park .
but then they heard a strange techno sound .
they looked up in the sky and was a real bright light .
even the daylight was nothing compared to it .
then they saw something landing .
first they thought it was a big plane .
but then they realized it was a u_f_o .
when they saw aliens stepping out of the u_f_o they ran as far away as they could .
but the aliens didn't chase them .
since then mark and Tina didn't wanna play in the park anymore .
but then since that was a long time the aliens might have forgotten about them .
so they went to play again .
but then the aliens landed again .
first they tried to run away .
but the aliens said halt !
we are not dangerous .
first they didn't wanna believe them .
but but after a lot of thinking they went to follow them .
it was very neat in the u_f_o .
they gotta see how aliens live on mars .
and then a few days later the aliens gotta see how humans live on earth .